I follow Neferu to the throne room, the cavernous space just as empty as it
was during the first trial.

Like the first trial though, a few of the palace regulars are sitting on
the benches; Virginia on the left side of the room, while Alex sits on the
right.

The cat is sat alone, looking tiny compared to the rest of the room, his
tail curled neatly under his paws in his lap.

He smiles when he sees me, and I make as if to go sit next to him...but
that's when the jackal grabs my hand.

I pause, and I see Alex's own inquisitive look before I turn to Neferu.

               MARCO
               "What?"

               NEFERU
               "Why don't we give Virginia some company?"

The jackal smiles at me gently, one of his ears flicking in the direction
of the she-wolf.

               MARCO
               "Um, you can. I was gonna go sit with Alex."

Neferu's expression doesn't change, but he doesn't let go either, and his
voice takes on a gentle, but ominous tone, making me feel a little
uncomfortable.

               NEFERU
               "Depending on how this trial goes, we may
               have some business to take care of before it
               officially ends. It would be best if you are
               close to me."

It's then that I realize what he's getting at.

Although I don't know what the process of becoming Neferu's "pet" is, I
imagine it involves some sort of official business, like signing something.

So, I give Alex a little frown and shrug, gesturing at the jackal.

The cat continues to look confused as I turn away and follow Neferu to the
benches on the other side of the room.

               VIRGINIA
               "Neferu."

Virginia sits daintily on the bench, one leg elegantly crossed over the
other as she holds up a paw, which the jackal kisses.

               NEFERU
               "Good day to you, Virginia."

Even though I try to stay behind Neferu, Virginia peers around the Jackal's
muscular side to stare straight at me.

               VIRGINIA
               "I see that you've brought a guest."

She holds out her paw again, and it takes me a moment to realize that I
should kiss it.

I did start that trend after all.

               NEFERU
               "Indeed. Amicus requested I keep him company
               during the trial."

As I come up from the paw-kissing, I see Virginia frowning.

               VIRGINIA
               "My brother shouldn't be burdening you with a
               silly chore like that. The pet is capable of
               staying in his room, I imagine."

               NEFERU
               "It was a mutual agreement. Besides, he is
               rather good company once you get to know
               him."

               VIRGINIA
               "Oh really? It seems our little simian is
               full of surprises."

The she-wolf looks pointedly at me, and I don't have much time to wonder
what she's talking about before Neferu is sitting down next to her, pulling
me to his side to sit next to him.

               NEFERU
               "That would be an accurate observation."

There's a momentary pause before I see Virginia lean forward a bit out of
the corner of my eye.

When she speaks again, her voice is lowered.

               VIRGINIA
               "So the rumors are true?"

There's another pause, this time from Neferu.

               NEFERU
               "I don't believe I'm in a position to
               speculate on that. It is not my place to
               involve myself in wolven politics."

Virginia laughs softly, one that sounds completely fake.

               VIRGINIA
               "I'm not a fool, Neferu. I may enjoy your
               suave tactics, but I'd rather you not use
               them against me."

               NEFERU
               "I would not dream of such a thing,
               Virginia."

               VIRGINIA
               "Surely."

Virginia shifts again and now I know for sure that she's looking directly
at me.

               VIRGINIA
               "So...I suppose he understands what we're
               saying, then?"

               NEFERU
               "Well, he is sapient, and he does possess a
               lingua."

               VIRGINIA
               "I mean, he *understands* us."

Virginia puts even more emphasis on the word.

I see Neferu looking at the floor, still smiling, though his paws seem to
clasp each other a bit tighter than usual.

               NEFERU
               "You'd know better than I, being a wolf. Our
               children are as intelligent as ourselves, so
               I'm used to such an idea."

               VIRGINIA
               "Don't feign ignorance, Neferu. You've been
               around him far more than I have. It's a
               simple question, and one that you should
               answer honestly, otherwise am I to assume
               that you've brought a little spy to our
               conversation?"

Although the words seem harsh and dangerous, Virginia's tone is light, and
Neferu just laughs.

               NEFERU
               "You accuse me of deception, yet we both know
               you've already figured out the answer. Why do
               *you* feign ignorance?"

The wolf fans herself with an air of nonchalance.

               VIRGINIA
               "It's the best weapon in discourse...and it
               is easy to feign stupidity, at least for me.
               It is expected on my part."

               NEFERU
               "And why would you say something like that?"

               VIRGINIA
               "I have a vagina, Neferu."

It takes me moment to absorb what Virginia just said, but Neferu's already
chuckling with what's probably the first genuine laugh of the conversation.

I see Alex look over at us again, and this time it looks like his eyes are
narrowed a bit.

It takes the jackal a few seconds to get himself under control again as
Virginia continues to wave her fan, looking rather pleased with herself.

               NEFERU
               "Sorry, I'm not used to bluntness here."

               VIRGINIA
               "It's not impossible for us to be blunt on
               this moon, Neferu, especially amongst
               friends."

I notice the wolf is looking at me again, and once again, I look down.

               VIRGINIA
               "Anyway, it seems we made quite the mistake
               in overlooking Simia. I may have to do a
               little research of my own in the archives.
               Amicus clearly knew something that we did
               not."

Research?

I feel my stomach drop.

Although Amicus had assured me of things, I don't even know if I really
look like a Simian.

All it might take is a picture to know that I'm not actually from Simia.

I try to put that thought out of my mind for now as the doors suddenly open
and Cato walks in, making his way quickly to the throne.

Virginia finally takes her eyes off of me, and I can only hope that she's
not gonna follow through on her research plans.

The throne room is so quiet that I hear the old wolf grunt as he makes his
way up the stairs before turning to face us.

After a few seconds, he sits down, his heavy, muscular body slouched a bit
in his seat, gazing out at us through his visor.

A few more moments pass in silence, and just as I'm wondering if the trial
is going to begin, I hear a soft, mechanical whirring sound as the panel in
the ceiling opens up.

A dozen camera drones drift down lazily, fanning out in the air to position
themselves in various locations throughout the room.

One of them floats towards us and hovers just above our heads, the lens
seeming to focus on my face.

I drop my head again, the action having become second-nature since I landed
on this moon.

Neferu nudges me though.

               NEFERU
               "Come now. Amicus brought you here to be
               seen."

His tone is light as always, but I sense he's not saying that just to tease
me.

We're all playing a role here, and my role is to make Amicus look good, to
show off to the triumvirates that he went to great lengths to obtain an
exotic, fascinating, alien pet.

I might not like it, but that doesn't matter right now, so I lift my head.

Instead of the dumb, vacant gaze I'd been using this past month, I go with
a completely straight face.

               NEFERU
               "Watch the red light on the top of the drone.
               When it turns green, know that you are being
               broadcast."

               COMPUTER
               "The second trial will begin in ten seconds."

With that, the lights slowly dim and everything goes completely silent.

I just sit there, looking toward the throne, Cato sitting as motionless as
an ancient Roman sculpture.

Then the doors open, and we all look over, including the cameras.

In walk Amicus and Cassius, side-by-side.

They must have been waiting out there next to each other, just like Alex
and I had been before the second trial.

I have to wonder what that must have been like.

Without a word, the two of them walk up the broad, carpeted aisle, in sync
with each other.

I stare intently at Amicus as he passes, just in case he looks at me and I
can give him an encouraging smile.

He looks straight ahead though, a more serious expression on his face than
I've ever seen.

Everything stays quiet, the only sound being the muffled shuffling of their
padded feet and claws on the carpet.

Once they reach the foot of the stairs, they come to a stop before they
both bow deeply to Cato.

This lasts a few seconds before Cato finally shifts again, breaking the
illusion that he was made out of stone.

               CATO
               "Very good. You may proceed."

With that, the two brothers straighten back up before walking up the steps,
splitting off to stand to either side of the acting emperor.

They turn around and face us, both standing at attention, arms straight
down at their sides.

A drone levitates down from the ceiling, coming to a gentle stop midair in
front of Cato.

I notice the tiny red light on the top of the drone turn green, and the old
wolf fixes his eyes on the camera.

               CATO
               "Welcome to the Trial of Rhetoric."

               CATO
               "Rhetoric has long been a staple of Wolven
               civilization and one of our greatest assets."

               CATO
               "While known for our strength and tenacity,
               so too are we known for our use of words in
               negotiation."

Neferu snorts next to me, loud enough that I wonder if Cato was able to
hear it.

I hope not.

               CATO
               "This is why it is not only important that we
               honor the art and history of debate today,
               but also prove our ability to use it well."

               CATO
               "Being a competent rhetorician is essential
               to being a competent emperor."

               CATO
               "Remember the rules; you will have the floor
               for twenty minutes. Do not reference your
               challenger. Now, Amicus—"

I see the slightest of twitches in Amicus's frame as he continues to stare
ahead.

               AMICUS
               "Yes, emperor?"

               CATO
               "Please, honor Adastra and proceed to the
               floor. Offer your policies through the art of
               speech."

There's a slight pause, then Amicus makes his way down the stairs.

If he's nervous, which I know that he is, he's not showing it at all, his
movements calm and reserved.

He walks several paces forward, away from the stairs to stand in the middle
of the aisle, just slightly ahead of me.

He's so close, and I wish I could just say something, get up and give him a
hug and tell him that he's gonna do great.

But I know that time is past, that the moment that everything has been
building up to has just arrived.

It's a strange feeling, watching something that's going to have such a huge
impact on your life, but not being able to participate at all.

I can only hope that Amicus is ready.

He begins to speak, and when he does, it's not like his usual voice.

Instead it's deeper, broader, sonorous, I guess.

Actually, it's closer to human singing.

               AMICUS
               "Twenty millennia ago, we were chosen by the
               Romanus."

               AMICUS
               "Out of one thousand species, they chose us,
               and was that not for a reason?"

He's moving his arms and paws a lot too, in broad sweeping motions.

It's not unlike the dance, though he mostly stays in the same spot.

               AMICUS
               "Fifteen millennia ago, we rejected them, we
               became the first abandoned sibling, and our
               empire entered a decline of the likes that we
               had never seen before; closing off relations
               with siblings, losing children, losing
               resources—"

A drone floats around his body, and I can tell that he's playing up the
performance to it, dramatically gesturing with overly-exaggerated
expressions.

I realize that it's like I'm watching those dramas I've seen on Adastran
television.

               AMICUS
               "—We fell long and hard, as if our very moon
               was sucked into the pit. Five thousand years
               of misery and desolation, five thousand years
               until Drusus saved us all."

Amicus goes on to describe the history that I had a vague knowledge of, how
Drusus re-established contact with the parents, re-united the wolven empire
and renamed the world Adastra, a name that represented everything the
empire stood for.

               AMICUS
               "Since then, we've spread far and wide across
               the galaxy, found lost children, established
               roads to resources our moon desperately
               needed..."

               AMICUS
               "But what we found to be most valuable?
               Rekindling diplomatic relations with the
               other siblings."

               AMICUS
               "With them, we shared knowledge and wealth,
               establishing ourselves as true siblings once
               again...until the war."

               AMICUS
               "While our reasons were sound for initiating
               the conflict, the sudden and unexpected
               attack frightened the other siblings, leaving
               them to abandon us once more."

               AMICUS
               "We defended our rights and our dignity from
               the Khemians—"

               NEFERU
               "Oh, Ahhotep..."

Neferu mutters that under his breath, thankfully.

               AMICUS
               "But at a great cost. Our empire has suffered
               for our victory...but there is a way to
               reverse this."

I don't know if the wolf is doing a good job since I have no point of
reference, but as far as I can tell, he seems to be doing great.

No stuttering, or stumbling, his acting pretty good, especially if I'm
comparing him to the dramatic actors I've seen on the screens.

His movements are powerful, but elegant, just like his voice, and I find
myself beaming with a sense of pride that I've never had for someone else
before.

He goes on to describe the policies he'd already told me about: re-
establish relations with the siblings, fully uplift the children, reshape
their role in the the empire.

               AMICUS
               "And the first step?"

Amicus suddenly turns to face us, though his gaze is on Neferu.

               AMICUS
               "An alliance, one that has been proposed by
               the Khemians."

               AMICUS
               "This may seem like a worrying prospect to
               you; it has never been done in the history of
               the *Galaxias*, but I can promise that while
               emperor, I will demand respect and equal
               treatment from the Khemians."

               AMICUS
               "Their arrogance will be tamed, and wolven
               dignity will be restored."

The light on the camera drone in front of us is green, broadcasting our
image to the entirety of Adastra.

I'm at least glad that Neferu is able to control his eye-rolling right now.

               AMICUS
               "Within the course of my rule, I will place
               Adastra on the same pedestal as all the other
               siblings, if not higher. No longer will we be
               the half-sibling of the *Galaxias*."

               AMICUS
               "No, we will once again stretch beyond our
               system, beyond our quadrant, and yes,
               eventually beyond the galaxy."

Amicus points to the ceiling.

               AMICUS
               "As Drusus proclaimed ten millennia ago; 'to
               the stars'."

               AMICUS
               "So I say now; to the stars, and beyond."

Amicus pauses dramatically in that pose, then bows before turning and
walking back to the throne.

               CATO
               "Thank you, Amicus. Cassius?"

I let out a breath, watching as Amicus makes his way up the steps, passing
Cassius as his brother makes his way to the same spot on the floor.

So that's it.

Amicus's part is done.

Now it's Cassius's turn, and I watch as he walks to the same spot, an angry
scowl on his face.

It's angrier than usual, almost furious, and I wonder if he's upset about
how well Amicus had done.

But then he starts speaking, and I realize it's part of his show.

               CASSIUS
               "For three hundred years, our empire has been
               in shambles!"

I jump, and I even feel Neferu tense up next to me as the white wolf
practically screams.

               CASSIUS
               "Not because of the war, not because we chose
               a different path. No, this is *because* of
               Drusus and his flawed vision of the
               *Galaxias* as a whole!"

               CASSIUS
               "My brother was right about ONE
               thing...Adastra is the lowest of the low
               amongst the siblings, the laughingstock of
               the entire galaxy!"

               CATO
               "No references to Amicus, Cassius!"

Cato barks from across the throneroom, but the other wolf ignores him,
swiping his paw through the air, his movements aggressive and violent.

               CASSIUS
               "ENOUGH of being the butt of jokes, of being
               spat upon, of being considered at the level
               of mere children!"

               CASSIUS
               "It is time for Adastra to once again be
               respected, revered...and feared, just like
               before Drusus."

Cassius's speech goes on like that, describing Adastra in terms that make
it sound like the worst place in the galaxy to be.

I don't know if this is good or not.

He's definitely being way more intense than Amicus was, and if that's the
goal, then I'm worried.

I glance over at Neferu and Virginia, and the troubled looks on their faces
tell me that I should be even more worried.

I look up toward the throne, but Amicus is as still and straight-faced as
ever.

I feel myself start to sweat, wondering if this is the beginning of the
end.

               CASSIUS
               "My brother stated that the war was
               responsible for our sudden decline, a decline
               not so sudden when it's been happening for
               thousands of years!"

               CASSIUS
               "No, that war was the best thing that could
               have ever happened to this empire. It showed
               that we were unafraid, unintimidated by the
               most powerful force in the galaxy!"

               CASSIUS
               "We were mocked and laughed at openly before
               the war! Now, those laughs are quieter,
               behind dainty paws as our siblings realize
               just how dangerous we can be. They take us
               seriously now..."

Cassius turns his angry gaze on us.

               CASSIUS
               "...but not seriously enough. Look who they
               sent to propose this...this *alliance* that
               my brother spoke of."

               CATO
               "No references to Amicus, Cassius."

But Cato is quieter now, as if he knows he can't stop the young wolf.

Our camera light turns green, and I once again get the feeling that the
broadcast is displaying Neferu.

               CASSIUS
               "The one and only Flower of Khemia. The
               pharaoh's faggot son with his oils and
               perfumes, stinking up the halls of our
               palace!"

I glance up at Neferu, but his expression has hardly changed, though I see
a hint of a smirk on his lips.

Meanwhile, Virginia is hiding a look of shock, or horror...or both, behind
her fan.

               CASSIUS
               "This alliance is highly suspect, and I must
               wonder what is really going on during
               these...negotiations. Actually, let me give
               you an idea."

Cassius makes a sort of signal with his paw, then pauses.

Everything is silent for a moment, and looking at the cameras...none of
them are green.

I look around at the others and can tell that they're confused as well.

               CATO
               "What are you broadcasting, Cassius?"

Cassius doesn't even turn around to acknowledge Cato.

               CASSIUS
               "Just showing a small video clip."

               CATO
               "Of what?"

I see Amicus bristling next to Cato, and I feel the hair standing up on my
own neck.

               CASSIUS
               "Of a traitorous act between my brother and
               the flower jackal."

               AMICUS
               "What!?"

Amicus is so puffed out he looks almost twice his natural size.

               AMICUS
               "What are you doing!?"

               CATO
               "Yes Cassius, what *are* you doing?"

               AMICUS
               "Cato, he bugged my room!"

Amicus starts to move, but Cato reaches out from his throne to hold him
back.

               CASSIUS
               "Stay there, brother, it's almost over. And
               don't worry; it's censored."

Cassius sneers back at Amicus before the red light on his drone suddenly
turns green again.

Cassius stares at the lens for a moment, letting the silence drag out for
dramatic effect.

               CASSIUS
               "Shocking, is it not? I already described the
               Flower of Khemia...do we also want the Flower
               of Adastra to be our emperor?"

               CATO
               "Time, Cassius."

Cato's voice is soft, sounding almost astonished.

Amicus is clearly having a much harder time keeping his emotions in check
now.

Even from this distance, I can see him working his jaw.

But Cassius doesn't seem to be finished.

               CASSIUS
               "And let me leave you with this—"

               CATO
               "TIME, Cassius. Yield the floor!"

               CASSIUS
               "No, I will not yield! Adastra is the one out
               of time! This empire is stretched thin, and
               that tail-raiser proposes that we stretch
               even further! When do we break!?"

Cassius whirls around and points a finger at Amicus.

               CASSIUS
               "He looks toward the children and the
               siblings while completely ignoring US!"

Cassius's bristled fur slowly starts to lay down again, the wolf making a
show of trying to get himself under control again.

               CASSIUS
               "So...let me leave you with this; while
               campaigning in the outskirts of Adastra city,
               areas my brother completely neglected, I came
               across a young child with the same disease
               that afflicts me."

Cassius's voice becomes much more quiet, gentle, lowering his muzzle a  bit
to stare at the floor.

               CASSIUS
               "Unlike me, she had no medication to speak of
               because her poor, farming family could not
               afford it. She was bound to a wheelchair, her
               bones so frail that something as simple as a
               bath causes them to dislocate and break."

Cassius's voice catches and, to my surprise, I see a tear slide down his
cheek.

               CASSIUS
               "How dare this empire let our people fall
               into such a state that we cannot even care
               for our own people. I'm hearing that even
               now, we can't afford to vaccinate those
               beyond our glittering city."

Cassius looks back up at the camera.

               CASSIUS
               "It may seem as if we cannot hear you past
               the walls of this palace, but I hear you. I
               promise to always hear you. I will not cater
               to the needs and wants of the siblings or
               children, to the Adastra City elites or
               officials."

Cassius sweeps a paw dramatically to his chest.

               CASSIUS
               "Not 'to the stars', but to YOU, the people
               of the empire...Thank you."

Cassius bows low to the camera before turning to walk back to the throne.

There's a long moment of silence as we all just stare at the white wolf,
then Com's voice crackles over our heads.

               COMPUTER
               "Triumvirates, make your decisions."

Suddenly, I feel something grasp me around the wrist and look down to see
Neferu's furry, black paw holding on to me.

               NEFERU
               "Marco, very quietly, we are going to get up
               and head to my room. We'll move around the
               back so that the camera's do not see."

               MARCO
               "Why?"

               NEFERU
               "Because what Amicus had feared is about to—"

               COMPUTER
               "The triumvirates have made their decisions."

I see Neferu's eyes widen in surprise.

               NEFERU
               "Already?"

He seems to say it to himself, but he stands and I have to stand with him
as he starts to walk up the aisle, toward the back of the room, pulling me
along with him.

I look back at Amicus and see the wolf looking right back at me, finally.

His eyes are full of worry and regret, and I can tell that everyone knows
that Cassius has won.

My stomach drops and I realize that what I've been terrified of happening
all month is actually happening.

We've lost.

I can only stare at Neferu's muscular arm as it pulls me toward the doors,
toward an unknown and unwanted future...

               COMPUTER
               "Lupas—"

After all this time, after everything we'd done...we've lost.

               COMPUTER
               "Amicus."

Neferu pauses.

I look up at the ceiling, toward where I always imagine Com to be if he
were real, then I look back at the throne.

               COMPUTER
               "Ad Rotae: Amicus."

Amicus looks just as shocked as I am.

Cassius, meanwhile, has his jaw set grimly.

As always, I can't read Cato.

               COMPUTER
               "Lux: Amicus."

               COMPUTER
               "Gebii: Amicus."

What the hell is going on?

It had just seemed like everyone thought Cassius was going to win, and if
it was all based on performance...then he should be winning.

               COMPUTER
               "Tricelli: Amicus."

There's a pause, one that has me realizing that we just...won?

Did we really just win?

               COMPUTER
               "Adastra?"

Cato is staring straight ahead with his visor, and now I can see his paws
gripping into the armrests of his throne.

The silence goes on so long that Com asks again.

               COMPUTER
               "Adastra?"

Cato lets the silence continue for several more seconds before finally
opening his muzzle.

               CATO
               "Cassius."

I don't know what to think, but Com immediately responds.

               COMPUTER
               "The trial has been decided. Amicus is the
               victor."

The silence that follows this time is deafening.

No one cheers, no one moves.

Even Virginia's fan is frozen, as if we're all stuck in a picture.

All the while, the cameras continue to hover over our heads, each one of
them flashing green for a moment.

Finally, Com is again the one to break the silence.

               COMPUTER
               "This concludes the second trial. Thank you."

With that, the camera lights turn off completely and the drones hover up
toward the compartment in the ceiling.

The lights come back on.

As they do, Neferu is once again pulling me toward the doors.

I want to hold back and watch, but the jackal is insistent, and the next
thing I know, the doors are quietly sliding open, and we're walking into
the equally silent, though much less tense, atmosphere of the marble halls.

               MARCO
               "Where are we going? We just won."

As I say that, I feel the excitement finally replace the shock.

We won!

               MARCO
               "Neferu, we wo—"

               NEFERU
               "Clearly, but that does not mean you are
               safe, yet."

               MARCO
               "What?"

Neferu is quiet for a moment, at this point the jackal having let go of my
hand, allowing me to just follow behind him.

               MARCO
               "What even happened?"

               NEFERU
               "Who do you think should have won, Marco?"

I frown.

               MARCO
               "Does that matter? The triumvirates decided.
               Amicus won."

               NEFERU
               "True, but not just the triumvirates were
               watching. We all know who should have won."

I feel myself getting defensive.

               MARCO
               "Cassius was being a total asshole, and
               besides, he cheated. He went over his allowed
               time AND referenced Amicus and his points."

Neferu laughs mirthlessly.

               NEFERU
               "The rules do not matter. I'm sure you've
               probably realized that by now. Cassius did
               exactly as he should have...but he lost
               because of you."

               MARCO
               "What?"

               NEFERU
               "The triumvirates clearly made their
               decisions long before the trial. We were
               hoping that they would not go against the
               will of the people, but Cassius's performance
               forced them to."

               MARCO
               "You're talking about the rumor about Cassius
               getting rid of them?"

               NEFERU
               "That would be the one. I had thought that
               such a clearly lopsided win on Cassius's part
               would have deterred at least most of them.
               Their hunger for power is insatiable, it
               seems."

Again, I feel myself getting defensive, but there's also a sense of worry
creeping in.

               MARCO
               "Well...I don't know, I think Amicus did
               great. Besides, it's THEIR role to keep the
               emperor's power in check anyway, isn't it?"

               NEFERU
               "Yes, but that's not the point of the trials,
               and the people know that. Adastra will not be
               happy about this."

               MARCO
               "Well...what does that mean, then?"

We come to a stop in front of Amicus's room, and finally, the jackal turns
to face me.

               NEFERU
               "That I cannot tell you. I am not an expert
               on the politics of Adastra, I am simply a
               student here. Amicus may have won this
               battle, but I can guarantee that the power
               struggle is far from over."

               NEFERU
               "Amicus can explain more to you when he
               arrives. For now, wait for him in his room."

The jackal starts to turn to leave, but seems to notice the confused, and
probably worried look on my face.

He pauses, then sets a paw on my shoulder.

               NEFERU
               "Do not fret too much over this. It is par
               for the course in Wolven politics, that much
               I do know. Drama is their identity, and we
               can only be along for the ride."

Neferu smiles at me.

               NEFERU
               "Amicus will keep you safe, and if there's a
               need you have that he cannot fulfill, I am
               also here."

I know Neferu intends for that to sound salacious, but I also think he
means it...in a nice way.

I put my hand on his paw.

               MARCO
               "Thanks."

The jackal nods at me before turning away to walk up the hall, probably
toward his own room.

Once he's out of sight, I press my hand to the panel and walk into Amicus's
room, sitting on the sofa to wait.

It's strange...Amicus won, but it doesn't exactly feel that way after what
Neferu just told me.

Amicus didn't genuinely win...we'd won because of a rumor, basically making
the entire trial thing pointless.

Still, I can't exactly feel bad about that.

Cassius bugged this very room to show footage of Amicus fucking Neferu.

I close my eyes, rubbing them with a hand as I realize how much that might
have damaged Amicus's reputation.

Not only do the people realize this trial was decided from the beginning by
corrupt triumvirates, but also that their soon-to-be emperor had sex with a
male...a Khemian male at that.

But again, Cassius losing because of his intention to get rid of one of the
few checks on his power seems like karma to me.

Weren't they keeping the emperor's power in check by making the decision
that they did?

Technically, Amicus will become emperor now, though I guess it won't be
official until Cassius actually concedes the third trial.

I turn these thoughts over and over in my head for the next 20 minutes, a
bit annoyed by the fact that even though I got exactly what I wanted,
several issues had come with it.

Suddenly, the door slides open, and I forget my worry for just a moment as
I see Amicus standing there.

He only gets a few steps into the room before I'm already there, wrapping
my arms around his body as I hug him.

               AMICUS
               "Whoa! Hey, Marco. Everything alright?"

The wolf sets a heavy paw on my head, rubbing the pads gently against my
scalp.

               MARCO
               "Are you?"

               AMICUS
               "Of course."

Amicus smiles down at me warmly, but having known him this long, I know
that's not exactly true.

               MARCO
               "Well...we won."

               AMICUS
               "We did."

He's quiet for a bit, continuing to rub my head.

               MARCO
               "This isn't really how I imagined it would
               go."

Amicus laughs softly.

               AMICUS
               "Hahaha...neither did I, but we did win, and
               that's the important part."

Amicus hugs me tightly again.

               MARCO
               "Is what Cassius did, what he showed...how
               bad was that?"

Amicus grimaces.

               AMICUS
               "Bad, but I'll find a way to get through
               that. Seems my first job as emperor will be
               rebuilding my image."

               MARCO
               "When do you become emperor?"

               AMICUS
               "As soon as Cassius gives up. I don't think
               he's in the mood to do that quite yet,
               though."

We stand there for a while, Amicus continuing to stroke my head as I lean
it against his chest, listening to the soft beat of his heart.

               MARCO
               "I'm just glad it's over."

               AMICUS
               "I feel the same."

               MARCO
               "So what next?"

               AMICUS
               "Well...for now, I must go to the city. The
               triumvirates requested the imperial family be
               seen at once."

               MARCO
               "Oh, why?"

               AMICUS
               "Well, everyone assumes the trials to be
               over. They'd like to discuss things with the
               family before they leave Adastra for their
               own cities."

               MARCO
               "I see."

               AMICUS
               "They also requested that you go."

I lean back to look up at the wolf.

               MARCO
               "Really?"

               AMICUS
               "Yes, though I told them not to expect it. I
               know you wanted to see the city, but it's up
               to you...well, it won't be the actual city,
               just the district where the delegates live.
               Things are a bit...chaotic in the city center
               at the moment."

               MARCO
               "Chaotic?"

               AMICUS
               "The citizens are...excited after the trial."

               MARCO
               "Ah."

I imagine excited means angry.

               MARCO
               "I could...but doing official stuff seems
               kinda scary."

               AMICUS
               "You wouldn't have to do anything, just look
               happy to be there, but it's up to you."

               MARCO
               "Would it help you?"

               AMICUS
               "Possibly, I would certainly be happy to have
               you there."

               MARCO
               "Then sure."

The wolf's eyebrows go up in surprise.

               AMICUS
               "Oh, really? Well alright then. Let's go."

               MARCO
               "Now?"

               AMICUS
               "Yes, I believe the others are already in the
               chariot. Are you ready?"

               MARCO
               "I...think so, unless I need to bring
               anything."

               AMICUS
               "Not at all. And sorry, I know things are
               moving fast at the moment. It's to be
               expected after the trial, but we can talk in
               private when we get back, alright?"

               MARCO
               "Okay."

Amicus is already turning to pull me along, but I stop him.

When he turns, I do what I'd wanted to do since right before the trial
started, and I kiss him on the lips.

The chariot is really just a large, metallic carriage.

It has benches inside with an open top.

There are no horses, of course, and it seems to move on its own.

It is the first time that I've ever seen wheels being used for
transportation here, though.

As we're walking up to it, I notice Virginia and Neferu already sitting in
the front...and Cassius is in the back with Alex.

He's very deliberately looking away from us.

I whisper to Amicus as we get closer to the chariot.

               MARCO
               "Cassius is going?"

               AMICUS
               "Yes...I think Cato made him go."

Despite everything the white wolf has done, especially in the trial, I
can't help but feel a little sorry for him.

I can't imagine having to go out in public right after your years-long
campaign was defeated.

Amicus hops in first, sitting next to Virginia before reaching down to me
to pull me up next to him.

               MARCO
               "I'd thought we'd be flying there."

               AMICUS
               "We usually do, but since the ship we used to
               take to the city, uh, crashed a few months
               ago, we decided the chariot is safer and more
               inconspicuous."

               VIRGINIA
               "Yes, something that will come in handy
               considering the state of the city right now."

               AMICUS
               "Yes."

               MARCO
               "What's the state of the city?"

Virginia fixes her eyes on me, really looking at me for the first time in a
while.

               VIRGINIA
               "Riots, looting, the usual, though a bit
               unusual for Adastra City compared to say,
               Lux."

Amicus glances at me, but that's when there's a sudden jerk as the chariot
moves forward, toward the tree line.

Virginia looks at Amicus.

               VIRGINIA
               "I must say, your pet is much more
               fascinating than I'd originally thought. He
               could barely speak when I first met him."

               AMICUS
               "Erm...yes, he was shy."

I guess I should have told Amicus that my act had been exposed at this
point.

               VIRGINIA
               "Well, we must reconnect with this Simia,
               then. They seem oddly intelligent."

               AMICUS
               "Mmh, yes...Oh, thank the gods for the trees.
               Vita is much too harsh today."

Amicus clearly tries to change the subject as the road turns into the thick
forest.

We're blanketed in an eerie, green glow as the forest envelops us.

Strange, glowing insects fly around our carriage, and I notice how ancient
the trees look, gnarled and rough, almost completely blocking out the sky.

               VIRGINIA
               "Hopefully they allow us to freshen up a bit
               before the ceremony. I'll be a mess by the
               time we reach the city."

Virginia whips out her large, embroidered fan again, waving it frantically
in her face.

I kind of wish I had one too, my skin almost immediately sticky in the
humid air.

               NEFERU
               "You will look fine. Besides, we'll all be in
               the same state."

Amicus glances over at the jackal.

               AMICUS
               "I have to wonder what brought you along,
               Neferu?"

               NEFERU
               "My presence was requested."

               AMICUS
               "By whom?"

               VIRGINIA
               "Oh, for the sake of Vita, don't start,
               Amicus."

               AMICUS
               "What? I'm simply curious."

               VIRGINIA
               "No, you're trying to start a fight, which is
               the last thing we need in front of the
               triumvirates"

               AMICUS
               "Hmph..."

               VIRGINIA
               "Besides, isn't your policy to befriend
               Khemians?"

               AMICUS
               "An alliance isn't a friendship."

               NEFERU
               "Khemians see it as friendship."

               VIRGINIA
               "Besides, everyone probably thinks you're
               already very...close after what was
               broadcast."

               AMICUS
               "Virginia!"

She hides her smirk behind the fan as Neferu grins beside her.

               VIRGINIA
               "I'm simply reminding you that it might still
               be fresh in everyone's mind when we get
               there."

Amicus slumps in his seat, legs stretched out in front of him.

               AMICUS
               "All the more reason to seem distant. That
               will probably affect my reputation for
               YEARS."

               VIRGINIA
               "Oh, don't be so dramatic. The people love
               such scandals, they simply pretend to be
               outraged."

Amicus snorts, but doesn't say anything more, signaling that the
conversation is over.

I wonder if Cassius, sitting right behind us, is listening in.

Probably.

I find the whole thing strange, the wolf that tried to sabotage Amicus by
leaking what was basically a porno sitting right behind us.

I turn my head ever so slightly, trying to look back at Cassius to see if
he's looking at us.

I don't see anything, so I turn around more fully and find that the white
wolf is laying down, eyes closed with his head in Alex's lap.

Alex looks up at me and smiles with a wave.

I wave back awkwardly before quickly turning around.

Virginia and Neferu seemed to be caught up in their own conversation at the
moment while Amicus continues to sulk, staring at his feet.

               MARCO
               "So...what exactly is gonna happen when we
               get there?"

               AMICUS
               "Hm? Oh, well, the meeting with the
               triumvirates, as I said earlier."

               AMICUS
               "After that, we'll likely get to walk the
               streets of the district to visit the shops
               and a restaurant."

               MARCO
               "So I'll just stand next to you?"

               AMICUS
               "Yes."

               MARCO
               "Alright."

For the rest of the ride, I lean against Amicus's side, and after several
minutes I start to nod off.

Amicus notices and wraps an arm around me, and I'm able to comfortably lean
against his chest to fall asleep...

The next thing I know, I'm being nudged awake by Amicus.

I find myself staring at several buildings, the sudden change in scenery
leaving me dazed.

I'm still trying to get my bearings as Amicus hops out of the carriage,
reaching up to lift me down.

When I look back up, I'm able to see a large group of wolves off to the
side, watching us intently.

Immediately I feel self-conscious, the crowd being the largest gathering of
wolves that I've seen in person.

They come in all shapes and sizes, and I'm surprised to see a few of them
that are almost as short as I am.

The one characteristic that all of them share though, is their thick-bodied
stature.

Amicus guides me around to stand in front of the chariot with Neferu,
Virginia, Cassius, and Alex, holding me close to his side.

One of the old wolves steps forward from the group.

               TRIUMVIRATE
               "Welcome imperial family! Thank you so much
               for coming on this day of the second trial.
               It was a marvelous show!"

That seems like a bold thing to say after a clip of Neferu and Amicus
having sex was shown.

There doesn't seem to be any awkwardness though, the old wolves looking
eager to talk to Amicus.

               TRIUMVIRATE
               "I am Cicero, First Triumvirate of Ad Rotae."

The old wolf walks forward toward Amicus, setting his paws on the bigger
wolf's shoulders and touching the sides of their muzzles together.

Out of the corner of my eye, I notice Cassius shooting us a sour, angry
look.

The wolf and Amicus hold a short conversation, the older wolf asking Amicus
what he thought of Ad Rotae, what problems the city was currently having,
and how they might proceed in the future.

After that, he then he moves on to Virginia where the conversation is much
shorter.

Another wolf from the group moves forward to talk to Amicus, the
conversation following a roughly similar pattern.

There's no talk about Amicus being emperor, but the assumption is there,
and when each of them gets to Cassius, it's almost as equally brief as it
was with Virginia.

Despite the novelty of this situation, I quickly become bored, and the
conversations blend together very quickly as over a dozen of these old
wolves come forward to introduce themselves to Amicus.

For his part, Amicus does a really good job of seeming enthusiastic for
each introduction, mentioning that he already knows who they are and that
he thinks very, very highly of their city and region.

Occasionally, they'll glance at me and comment on how strange I look,
though it's usually with a positive tone, congratulating Amicus on snagging
me.

That does seem to make Amicus uncomfortable, but I keep a straight face and
bow each time, seeming to delight the old wolves with my etiquette.

Eventually, these introductions end, but as we start to move toward the
shops, the triumvirates continue to follow us, and I find myself having a
harder time keeping up with Amicus.

He's practically surrounded by the triumvirates.

I give up on trying to stay next to him, and even though he keeps glancing
at me and calls to me a few times, I just wave him on, choosing instead to
walk alongside Neferu and Virginia.

Sure, it's annoying, but he's about to become emperor, so it makes sense
that he's so popular.

As we walk through the streets, wolves call out to Amicus from doorways and
windows, and he tries to wave at all of them.

Further up the road, a group of children...puppies show up with flowers in
their paws, handing them out to Amicus and the triumvirates.

As I watch this happening, I notice a particularly patchy-looking child, no
taller than my waist standing off to the side awkwardly, looking right at
me as she holds a flower in her paws.

I pause, unsure if she means to give it to me.

When I do, she moves closer.

So I bend over, reaching out and her eyes widen, probably simultaneously
horrified and fascinated at getting the crazy alien's attention.

Nevertheless, she comes closer and shyly pushes the crumpled, wilted flower
into my hands before suddenly leaning in and touching the side of her face
to mine.

For a moment, I see her watery, bloodshot eyes.

Then I feel the slightly damp fur brush my skin before she makes an odd
yelping sound and runs off down the street.

I stare after her, wondering if I'd done something wrong.

               NEFERU
               "Found yourself a gift?"

I look down at the white flower, noticing that several petals are missing.

               MARCO
               "I guess."

               NEFERU
               "That one didn't look healthy, did she?"

               MARCO
               "Not really."

               NEFERU
               "Maybe Cassius had a point with his speech."

               MARCO
               "I think they both made good points,
               honestly."

Neferu gestures at the gaggle of wolves moving further and further away
from us.

               NEFERU
               "Better catch up before they leave us
               behind."

               MARCO
               "Yeah."

I look down at the flower again, a bit uneasy now, before dropping it to
the road, feeling a little guilty as I do.

Even though the ceremony is technically over, the triumvirates don't seem
to want to leave Amicus alone.

I'm kind of amazed at how well Amicus is dealing with them considering how
irritated I'm feeling.

Amicus tries to bring me over to his side a few times, pointing out
trinkets and souvenirs that he tries to explain, as if wanting to show me a
bit of Adastran culture.

It's nice, and I can tell he wants to involve me, but it's far too busy
with triumvirates and locals breaking in every five seconds to ask or tell
Amicus something.

I wish he could just tell them to go away, but I know it doesn't work like
that.

On top of this, my joints are really starting to ache from all the walking
and I wonder if living in the palace for so long has made me soft.

Eventually, I just trail the group of wolves, browsing the goods after they
do.

It's interesting, sure, but everything's so similar to what we have on
Earth: necklaces, earrings, brushes, clothes, nothing all that mind-
blowing.

Eventually, Amicus very loudly calls out that he'd like to go to a
restaurant with his pet, if everyone could please allow him through.

I take this as my cue to move to his side and he immediately puts an arm
around mine, holding me close.

As we walk up the street (the many wolves still following behind us) Amicus
puts his muzzle close to my ear, sending a bit of a chill over my
neck...one that's oddly painful.

               AMICUS
               "Everything okay, Marco? You seem a
               bit...uncomfortable."

I shrug.

               MARCO
               "Everything around here is new to me, so I
               guess I do feel a little bit off."

               AMICUS
               "Well, let's settle down in a restaurant. We
               can cool off and catch our breath there."

The wolf gives me a quick squeeze with his arm, and despite my slightly
sour mood, I can't help but smile a bit.

I mean, it is kind of cool that my friend is so popular...even if it's
because he's going to be the next emperor.

We walk into a small, but cozy restaurant, and I can tell right away that
it's rather upscale with its carved pillars, and the fancy tapestries on
the wall.

Then again, everything in this district is kind of upscale, I guess.

The triumvirates follow us right into the restaurant though, and I let out
a frustrated sigh.

Amicus notices right away and signals at a wolf standing behind a podium.

This particular wolf is staring at us wide-eyed, apparently gob smacked at
seeing the soon-to-be emperor show up in his restaurant.

He practically trips over himself to get to us, banging his hip on the side
of a table as he does.

               WOLF
               "Y-y-y-yes, your, uh, your....uh, majesty?"

Amicus grimaces.

               AMICUS
               "Just Amicus, please. Could you get us a
               secluded table, preferably with no one seated
               next to us."

               "Of course!"

The wolf stumbles over himself again before leading us to a corner of the
restaurant, gesturing at a table there.

He then turns to a couple next to the table and begins to frantically hiss
at them to move.

They stare at him in astonishment until Amicus steps in to stop him.

               AMICUS
               "They're fine, just uh, don't let any
               of...that group over there sit next to us, if
               that's alright?"

Amicus jerks his head over at the gaggle of old wolves, all of them staring
at us rather hawkishly.

               "Oh, yes, of course!"

He hurries off toward said group and we're finally able to sit down...or
lay down.

The seats are of course in the Roman style.

Amicus settles down with a huge sigh, stretching his big body over the bed.

               AMICUS
               "Sorry about that. I should have warned you
               about how...frustrating it can be with all
               the pointless chatter."

I shrug.

               MARCO
               "Seems about right for politics."

               AMICUS
               "Oh, it is, but don't worry, it's rare that
               all the triumvirates are in the city all at
               once. This is for the trials, of course."

               MARCO
               "Yeah, makes sense."

               AMICUS
               "You sure you're okay? I can never seem to
               tell."

               MARCO
               "I'm fine."

I rub my arms, the skin sensitive and sore, just like my joints.

I wonder if I'm getting sunburned too.

               AMICUS
               "Alright...so what do you think of the city?
               This part of it at least. I wish I could take
               you to where the skyscrapers are, but as I
               said, things are a bit chaotic at the
               moment."

               MARCO
               "It's pretty cool. It wouldn't exactly be out
               of place on Earth, definitely different, but
               really similar."

               AMICUS
               "Ah, well, you were uplifted by us after
               all."

               MARCO
               "...Yeah. So is this what you're gonna do as
               emperor? Come to the city and just...talk?"

Amicus chuckles.

               AMICUS
               "Oh, there will be much more to it, I'm sure.
               I'm hoping Cato will teach me a bit...if he's
               able to get over the trial."

I remember that Cato did vote for Cassius.

He's probably furious about it right now.

               MARCO
               "Won't you have like, advisors and stuff?"

               AMICUS
               "Well, yes, but I must choose them."

               MARCO
               "Would you choose Cato?"

               AMICUS
               "I could."

               MARCO
               "Will you?"

               AMICUS
               "Well...maybe, but recent events have left me
               a bit unsure of that."

               MARCO
               "Why's that?"

Amicus shakes his head.

               AMICUS
               "Don't worry about it now, we should be
               celebrating."

               MARCO
               "I mean, you could become emperor at any
               moment. Shouldn't you have someone who's got
               a good head on their shoulders at the ready?"

               AMICUS
               "Heh, I suppose. Who would you suggest?"

I get the feeling that he's goading me to offer myself, but that definitely
wouldn't be the case.

The few wolves I know makes the decision pretty easy.

               MARCO
               "Virginia."

Amicus raises his eyebrows in slight surprise.

               AMICUS
               "Oh...well, yes, I would definitely consider
               her. The only problem is the image of a
               female telling me what do do. The tail-raiser
               reputation is bad enough."

I roll my eyes.

               MARCO
               "Maybe wolven masculinity is something you
               can fix while you're emperor?"

Amicus doesn't seem to know how to answer that, but he doesn't have to as
our food arrives.

I'm a bit surprised since we didn't order, but looking around, it seems
that everyone gets the same thing.

There's the usual olives, grapes, cheese, and bread, but also seafood, and
even eggs which surprises me.

Amicus thanks the nervous waiter before immediately starting to dig in.

I do the same, but while I'm spreading cheese onto the bread, my mind
wanders back to what might be happening in the city right now.

               MARCO
               "So...how bad are things in the city? No one
               seems that concerned about it."

               AMICUS
               "From what I've been told, it's fairly mild.
               Riots are common in Adastra, but they don't
               last long. I think the people will calm down
               within the next few days."

               MARCO
               "Oh, okay. So they don't like...dislike you,
               or anything?"

It takes Amicus a moment to swallow down his mouthful of bread before
speaking.

               AMICUS
               "No, no, most of the anger is directed at the
               triumvirates. I will say though, I have my
               work cut out in rebuilding my reputation."

               MARCO
               "Because of the sex video?"

               AMICUS
               "Heh...yes."

Amicus tries to smile it off light-heartedly, but I can see his ears
turning red.

It must be weird being out in public like this, knowing that everyone saw
it.

               AMICUS
               "I was told by one of the triumvirates from
               Lux to simply say it was fake...not sure if
               that will work."

               MARCO
               "Could be a good idea."

               AMICUS
               "Really, the biggest issue is that it
               delegitimizes the alliance process with the
               Khemians. The people will believe that I'm
               beholden to Neferu somehow."

Amicus's expression finally falls a bit, staring down at the food as his
munching slows down.

               MARCO
               "I'm sure they'll get over it. From what I've
               been told, it seems like they're quick to
               forget."

               AMICUS
               "Well yes, as soon as the next scandal comes
               along, hopefully one not involving me."

               MARCO
               "Yeah."

We eat in silence a while, and I can tell something heavy is on Amicus's
mind.

In the meantime, I'm a bit distracted with itching specific spots on my
arms, feeling tiny little bumps on the skin.

I wonder if I'm allergic to something in the meal, so I stop eating for the
moment, choosing instead to lounge out on the bed.

               AMICUS
               "Marco, I've been meaning to ask you
               something."

               MARCO
               "Yeah?"

               AMICUS
               "Do you...do you want to stay here, even
               after I become emperor?"

The question catches me by surprise, and I'm left to try and gather my
thoughts for a moment as Amicus continues to look down.

               MARCO
               "Um, what do you mean?"

Amicus sighs and glances at me.

               AMICUS
               "I mean, do you want to stay here with me,
               even if you have the ability to go home."

Amicus quickly looks down again.

               AMICUS
               "I'm sorry, I know it's not my place to ask,
               but...I thought I might as well ask."

I stare at him for a moment, then I look down too.

               MARCO
               "You know I need to go back. At the very
               least I need to let my friends and family
               know that I'm okay. I know that they're
               looking for me in Italy right now...probably
               all of Europe at this point. I need to let
               them know."

Amicus coughs hastily.

               AMICUS
               "Of course."

               MARCO
               "But...that doesn't mean that I don't want to
               come back. I do. I just know that
               it's....that there are problems."

I lower my voice as I remember that we're in a public place and that
mentioning illegal First Contact would not be a good idea.

               MARCO
               "If we can fix the problems, honestly...I'd
               love to come back and stay for a long time."

I kind of surprise myself with that statement, but it's true.

Amicus glances at me in surprise.

               AMICUS
               "Really?"

               MARCO
               "Yeah, if it wasn't a risk to your empire."

               AMICUS
               "Of course. I mean to speak to the parents as
               soon as I'm able. I'm sure...I'm certain we
               can figure something out."

The look on Amicus's face right now, so sad, but a little hopeful, reminds
me of something that I've been wanting to do for the past week.

               MARCO
               "And Amicus?"

               AMICUS
               "Yeah?"

I glance around quickly, making sure that the nearby patrons aren't
listening.

               MARCO
               "Do you want to date me?"

The statement, so ridiculous, so silly in this situation, comes out all
quiet and weak, but I don't know how else to ask it.

That word is so complicated between us now with how I tried to explain it
to Amicus.

It's something that I don't think I've ever said to anyone before, and just
like Amicus, I find myself looking down immediately.

It's quiet for a moment, and the restaurant suddenly lights up with a
golden hue as the sunset hits the windows just right.

I hear a long exhalation and realize that the wolf had been holding his
breath.

I look up then, and see Amicus smiling at me.

There's a mixture of happiness and relief on his face, maybe even a little
amusement.

I guess we've been dancing around it for so long, we both knew by now that
it's what we wanted, what we've been building up to.

               AMICUS
               "Of course, Marco. I'm honored that you'd
               have me."

I even see his eyes glistening a bit, and I want to get up right there and
then and join him on his bed, but public setting holds me back.

I imagine Amicus is feeling the same way, and I wonder if maybe asking here
in public wasn't the best place for it.

But it was done, and I feel myself grinning despite myself.

The wolf grins right back.

               MARCO
               "Like you said, while I'm here we might as
               well get to know each other better...and if
               you DO figure something out, I can come
               back."

Amicus nods and turns his head in a way that he's able to wipe an eye on
his shoulder, probably hoping I wouldn't notice.

He looks so relieved, I realize even after we made up in the mediation room
he was probably still feeling unsure of where we stood romantically.

               MARCO
               "But...there are boundaries, and if I'm
               dating you, you have to tell me
               everything...and no sleeping around behind my
               back."

               AMICUS
               "Of course. I've promised to tell you
               everything, especially everything that
               concerns you, and I don't ever intend on
               breaking that promise to you."

               MARCO
               "And sleeping around?"

Amicus's ears flick and he glances over at our neighbors who are DEFINITELY
trying to eavesdrop.

He lowers his voice a good deal.

               AMICUS
               "Definitely not, not that I have anyone to be
               with...but we can discuss all of this when we
               get back to our room...and—"

Amicus lowers his voice even more.

               AMICUS
               "Maybe do a little more as well?"

His ears flatten as I roll my eyes, but they come back up as I smile.

               MARCO
               "Sure."

Immediately, his tail starts thumping the bed, and the eager look on his
face has me shaking my head.

I can't deny that I'm excited too...actually, I'm feeling kind of nervous
now that I just promised him that.

How would we even start?

We sit together for a while longer, the conversation moving to more casual
topics like how the districts of the city are divided up.

Though as an hour passes, I start to feel hot and a little dizzy, and when
I mention this to Amicus, he suggests we head back to the palace.

Vita has completely set by the time we're heading out toward the carriage.

Of course, several delegates surround us as we start to head off, but
Amicus promises he'll only be ten minutes and I head out into the street
alone to stand next to the chariot.

It's a bit nicer out here in the open air compared to the stuffy
restaurant.

I can tell now that I'm definitely getting sick, and all of that soreness
and exhaustion was just the beginnings of a creeping fever that I can feel
breaking out across my skin.

I end up sitting on the carriage step, head bowed as I feel myself starting
to sweat.

It's not anything I haven't felt before, but there's an odd, prickling
sensation underneath it all, like pins and needles just under my skin,
leaving me wanting to itch at various places on my body.

I just wish Amicus would hurry up...the others too, since I'm the only one
standing here.

I can't even remember where Neferu and Virginia went...someplace shopping,
I think.

               CASSIUS
               "Simian..."

Cassius's voice is low and quiet to my left, and I glance over to see him
leaning up casually against the chariot.

I make a half-hearted attempt at bowing at him, sort of just flopping my
head in his direction.

The wolf glares before walking toward me.

               CASSIUS
               "What game are you playing?"

Now is probably the worst time for this to happen.

               MARCO
               "Game?"

I mumble out stupidly, looking toward the restaurant to see if I can see
Amicus through the crowd gathered in front.

               CASSIUS
               "Do not act stupid. I know you're capable of
               understanding."

I just shake my head, but immediately regret it as I feel all the food that
I'd just eaten roil around in my stomach.

I'm really sick, way more than I'd realized and I can't believe how hard
and fast it's hitting me.

               CASSIUS
               "Do you remember several weeks back in which
               you served me during midday meal? Virginia
               and Neferu were there..."

I just stick to silence now, worried that moving at all is gonna make me
hurl.

               CASSIUS
               "Of course you remember. You told the
               triumvirates about what I intended to do with
               them, didn't you?"

Cassius moves closer, but the feelings coursing through my body leaves me
not caring all that much about him right now.

I need to get to Amicus, I need to tell him that something's wrong.

I hug myself, feeling that prickling sensation erupt to the surface, my
skin on my arms and chest and legs burning and itching in the most horrible
way.

I gasp.

               CASSIUS
               "What is that, some sort of Simian language?
               Listen to me. I want to know what you told
               them...and how you knew to tell them."

I feel bumps on my arms...bumps that weren't there just minutes ago.

I look down and even though it's hard to see in the darkness, I'm at least
able to see that the skin is splotchy and discolored.

Shakily, I touch one of the splotches and watch as a tear of clear liquid
oozes out.

What the hell?

Something grabs the front of my robes and pulls me up.

               CASSIUS
               "Are you listening, pet? I said—"

I was worried about small movements, but that huge lurch pushes my stomach
over the edge and I immediately projectile vomit straight into the middle
of Cassius's torso.

We both stare at the mess on his fur which is starting to drip down heavily
onto his garments.

               CASSIUS
               "Oh...oh gods....OH GODS!"

The wolf screeches and at the same time, I vomit again, right in the same
spot.

Cassius immediately stumbles back, screeching as he waves his paws
uselessly at the mess...then actually starts to retch himself.

I'm not able to see if he's actually throwing up too.

Instead, I crumple to sit on the ground, feeling the world spin around me.

Thankfully, the next thing I hear is Amicus's voice.

It sounds like it's coming from far away, even though I can tell that he's
crouching right next to me.

               AMICUS
               "What did you DO to him, Cassius!?"

               CASSIUS
               "I did nothing! He...he...HUUURGH!"

I hear splattering noises.

               AMICUS
               "Marco, what happened? What's wrong?"

I sway and Amicus let's me lean into him despite my vomit-covered robes.

               MARCO
               "I don't...I don't know..."

               AMICUS
               "Was it the food? Are you—"

I stick out an arm and I feel the wolf catch it delicately, examining it.

               AMICUS
               "Gods..."

He mumbles it under his breath.

               VIRGINIA
               "What—what happened? Cassius?"

I hear more footsteps and for some reason I feel myself becoming
embarrassed that everyone's seeing me like this.

               CASSIUS
               "That barbarian...urgh...he vomited on me!"

It sounds like Cassius is about to cry, and for some reason that's pretty
funny to me right now.

I try to laugh, but my throat is so sore...

               AMICUS
               "Virginia...he's sick."

               NEFERU
               "We need to get him back to the palace. Get
               in the carriage."

               AMICUS
               "It's too slow!"

I feel the world tilt as I seem to just levitate off the ground...then I
realize that Amicus has picked me up.

               VIRGINIA
               "The Praetors have much faster vehicles. We
               could get one from them."

               AMICUS
               "Marco?"

I hear his voice but for some reason I can't respond...it's like a dream.

               AMICUS
               "There's no time, I'm running back."

               VIRGINIA
               "Amicus!"

I feel my body bouncing up and down, thrown left and right.

It's like I'm in some kind of demented thrill ride.

I reach out into the darkness to stop it somehow, but all I feel is
something furry and warm.

Everything hurts and itches at the same time.

               MARCO
               "What...is this?"

               AMICUS
               "Marco!? Hey, stay with me! I'm here."

Who?

I force my eyes to open, even though they burn so much.

I stare up at the gnarled things above me, and I wonder what they are.

All that comes to mind are bony, skinless hands reaching up to the sky.

               AMICUS
               "Can you hear me?"

There's a breathless, wheezing voice above me as the horrible, bouncing
ride continues.

I just want to sleep.

There's another sound...an odd droning one and the earthquake finally
stops.

               NEFERU
               "Amicus! Get in, you fool!"

               AMICUS
               "Neferu...he's having seizures...he has
               pustules all over his body..."

The voice above me sobs and gasps and I want to reach up and put a hand
over its mouth so that it's quiet, so that I can sleep.

               NEFERU
               "Calm yourself, Virginia's having a physician
               flown into the palace. You need to..."

Everything mercifully goes quiet again.

I float through a void of quiet, soft, black clouds that tickle and nip at
my skin.

It itches, and I want to itch, but something seems to be holding me down...

I open my eyes slowly, staring up at the ceiling.

I'm starting to get really annoyed that I can't just fall asleep.

I have so much to do tomorrow...We're going on a trip to Naples, I think,
to try the authentic Italian pizza.

I'm gonna have a terrible time if I don't get at least a little...

I realize that I can't move.

Icy fear grips my chest, and at the same time, I see something large
scuttling up the wall.

A giant spider skitters upwards, its movement off, like it's a puppet being
pulled up by strings.

It moves across the ceiling, and even though it's the size of a giant crab,
I can't...move...at...all."

               "*Adastran arachnids are disturbingly
               large...*"

I grit my teeth as it comes to a stop above my head...then falls straight
down onto my face, legs fanned out...

               MARCO
               "GET OFF!"

I shove at it, at the things pressing at my face.

               "I told you to hold him down!"

               AMICUS
               "I'm trying! Marco, listen to me, please!
               You're safe, we're helping you!"

I focus on the monsters above me, their massive white teeth and red,
glowing eyes.

Their horrible hands come down to press on me, and I feel the pricking pain
all over my skin.

I thrash around, but it's no use, they're too strong...

               ?????
               "He's having another seizure..."

I lean against the side of a building on the empty road.

The night is peaceful and quiet...mostly quiet, I hear clopping sounds in
the distance...galloping sounds.

I frown and lean forward a bit, looking up the dark road.

I see a horse running toward me, its eyes glow red and spit flies from its
mouth.

Afraid, I press myself closer to the building, but the horse ignores me.

Instead, as it runs past me, I see that it's dragging something...

A wolf's headless body, the arms spread out, the stump leaving a long, red
streak across the cobblestones.

I open my mouth to scream...

               "We have nothing on record for his species."

               AMICUS
               "Then profile him."

               "Is there a reason why we don't?"

               AMICUS
               "Just heal him...please. It's just avia
               pox..."

               "Well, clearly it has a different effect on
               his species. His nervous system is already
               damaged beyond repair. You should
               consider..."

...

               ?????
               "Things never seem to go as planned, do
               they?"

...

               ?????
               "I am sorry that you had to experience
               this...I did not foresee it."

               ?????
               "Do not worry...you are still on the correct
               course."

               ?????
               "You WILL be able to complete this task."

               ?????
               "I just need a little time..."