...

               ?????
               "Understand that this will not be easy, even
               for the parents."

               ?????
               "The pain will be temporary."

What's happening?

...

               ?????
               "You will know in time...but not yet."

Time loses meaning.

Blackness...simultaneously eternal and non-existent.

Nightmares ebb and flow, building and fading.

Scenes from my earliest childhood to my landing on Adastra, all warped by
horrific and violent imagery that never happened.

But as soon as each one ends, I forget, just like any other dream...except
one.

I'm huddled in the seat of the ship, freezing cold, numb with desperation
and the fear of impending death.

How is this happening to me?

What did I do to deserve this?

I glance back at the crumpled form of the wolf in the back of the ship.

His head is framed by a pool of blood, the metal pipe just a few feet away
where I'd dropped it.

I've made a huge mistake.

The anger and terror I'd been feeling over the past several hours, days—

...weeks?

—builds until I scream and smash both of my fists on the glowing panels in
front of me.

The next thing I know, light blasts the interior of the ship and I cover my
face with my hands.

Still, the light pierces through and I see blood-red.

The ship vibrates violently, and I know right away that we're being pulled
into it.

I reach out despite the impossible light, uselessly pounding at the
unresponsive panels.

After a few moments, the brightness and heat become unbearable, and I
finally throw myself to the floor, crawling away, crawling toward my wolf.

               MARCO
               "Amicus, HELP!"

But the light continues to grow, and soon everything is lit up in a
blinding white, the heat so intense that the metal melts underneath my
hands and knees.

I'm on fire...I *am* fire. I feel lines of molten lead course through from
the base of my neck, down my spine, branching out into my limbs, even my
toes and fingers.

I can only float in the inferno, dumbly wondering why I still feel if I'm
dead, wondering if this *is* death as the ship, the wolf, and I become part
of the star.

Once again, time is lost and I only exist as fire.

I stare up at the sky, the air suddenly cool as I try to comprehend the
sudden change from the harsh, all-consuming starlight, to the gentle, cold
moonlight.

Still, fire continues to lance through my head, neck, spine, and limbs in
agonizing lines, my body mapped as a tortured stick figure.

It hurts...hurts more than anything I've ever experienced, but it's fading
after what happened in the star, so I try to relax in the sand.

After a few minutes, I realize that I can hear the waves, and I feel
something drawing me toward the water.

I'm a little scared of getting up, of any movement at all, terrified that
it might trigger the pain anew...but it doesn't.

It almost feels like I'm not moving at all.

I glide toward the water, watching the surface reflect the bright planet
and moon in hypnotic ripples.

Entering the lake and feeling the cold, gentle water wash over my skin is
the best feeling I've ever felt.

It envelops me slowly, moving up my legs, torso, and finally my head, and
just like that, the pain and fire is chased away, subdued to a dull, tingly
throb.

I gasp in relief, somehow able to breathe under the water.

I drift through the dark water, watching the globes of light dance and sway
above me before I finally resurface.

It's only then that I remember Amicus.

Fear grips me.

Was he still on that ship?

Did I leave him behind in the star?

I look up and see the lights glittering from the palace and I begin to swim
towards it, somehow moving much faster than I should be able to.

Instead of swimming to the beach though, I end up moving toward the
balcony, straight to Amicus's room.

As I get closer, I realize that someone IS on the balcony.

It's Amicus, and my heart fills with relief.

He's got his back to the railing, leaning against it casually.

Even though I can only see him from behind, I realize that it's not the
Amicus I know.

Instead, he's in full robes, and he's a lot more skinny than I remember.

I slow down, wondering why he's not looking at me with all the splashing
noises I'm making.

Just as I'm about to call up to him though, I see brown arms wrap around
him, smoothing over his arms and back and that's when Amicus turns to the
side.

I see now that those arms belong to another wolf, smaller and brown-furred,
one that I've never seen before.

Amicus is doing the same to him, paws moving around his body in a way
that's awkward and hesitant...a pair of young lovers making out for the
first time.

I watch, suddenly feeling embarrassed.

I'm back in Amicus's room, and that same, teen-aged wolf is now on the
sofa, bent over, hiding his face behind his paws.

I've never seen Amicus really cry, but I can tell that's what he's doing
now.

I feel the sense of complete and utter shame, the feeling that you've let
everyone down.

It consumes me.

I reach out toward the young wolf, wanting to comfort him, wondering if
he'll even know who I am.

Suddenly, I'm sucked back into the cosmos.

There is no parent this time.

Instead, I float peacefully through the vacuum, staring down at what I
assume is Adastra.

Even though there isn't anyone here with me, I sense beings all around me.

I also get a sense of approval, like their work is done.

               "Finish Meera's work, young human..."

Just like that, I start to drift back down toward the moon, descending
faster and faster until everything becomes a blur.

This time, coming to feels real, and I immediately know I'm not in a dream.

I smell lavender.

Amicus?

My eyes feel like they're glued shut and I have to rub at them to get them
to fully open.

The first thing I see is the sky, the planet *Ancoris*, and the moon
*Torque*, both of them glowing brightly.

I stare at the two floating orbs for a while, waiting for things to fall
into place as to why I'm out here.

I'm laying on something hard, like concrete, and I feel soft, but weighty
things on my chest.

My hands are curled around it, and I lift it slowly to have a look, even
though it feels like a 50 pound dumbbell.

Flowers...

Flowers with a fair bit of lavender mixed in.

Slowly, I turn my head and again, I get the feeling of heavy weights
attached to my body.

I somehow manage it and immediately see that I'm in the amphitheater.

At the same time, I see more flowers and I realize that they're arranged
all around me in a circle.

Moving my head around also makes me realize that there's something scratchy
and prickly on my head.

Still struggling with my heavy hand, I reach up and grab at it.

I lift it from my head and hold it in front of my face, my eyes taking a
few moments to focus to find out that it's a wreath, pink flowers woven
into the twigs.

I finally drop my arm to the side, getting too tired to hold it up and I
watch it lazily roll a few feet away.

The movement sends a wave of tingling through my body, but it fades quickly

The heavy weakness is also starting to fade, but I'm more worried about how
I got here, and why I'm covered in flowers.

From what I can tell, I'm in the gardens, though a part of it I haven't
been to before.

I close my eyes, trying to remember how I got here.

Amicus...the Trial of Rhetoric...the restaurant...being sick.

Again, I lift my arm, though it's easier this time, and I look at the skin.

It's covered in crusty, yellow-ish scabs, though they don't hurt.

I don't know why, but I get the feeling that the skin underneath is
completely healed.

I try to think again.

I do remember throwing up on Cassius, but after that...just terrible
dreams.

Did they heal me somehow?

Is this flower thing part of that?

I'm feeling some of my strength returning, so I force myself into a sitting
position, joints popping and muscles stiff.

Still, with every movement things get easier.

I do get light-headed though, and I have to sit there for a moment, looking
around again, wondering where Amicus is.

He'd sounded so desperate and sad the last I heard him.

I need to show him that I'm okay now...at least I think I am.

I slowly push myself up, listening to the gunshot cracks of my knees, as if
I hadn't used them for days.

I stand unsteadily in the center of the square, looking around at the
circle of flowers.

I'm startled when I turn and see a wolf behind me...but it's just a
sculpture.

A male wolf decked out in armor, both of his paws raised to the sky.

He's got a bunch of flowers weaved around his wrists and on his head too.

I wait a few moments, listening for anyone that might be nearby.

All I hear are the insects around me.

So, I start to move toward the path that I know leads to the palace.

Although I'm pretty sure I'm not dreaming now, this eerie scenario has me
questioning that.

The whole situation is surreal.

All of the things that I remember happening last feel so distant.

Despite spending all of my time on Adastra trying to be covert, I find
myself longing to find someone, anyone really.

I just need to know what's happened.

And pretty soon, I do find someone.

His back is to me, stooped over, fur almost ghostly in the glow of the
garden lights.

The cat busies himself with some flowers, a pair of metal clippers in his
paws.

As I get closer, I can hear him humming just above the noise of his busy
snipping.

I'm just opening my mouth when I see his ears perk.

               ALEXIOS
               "Cass? You know I don't like these games."

Alex turns to face me, a knowing smile on his lips.

That quickly disappears the second he sees me though, replaced by a look of
complete shock.

               ALEXIOS
               "Ah—"

Whatever he was trying to say doesn't seem to want to come out, and
instead, he just stands there, gaping at me.

               MARCO
               "H—hey..."

I can barely talk, my voice rasping out like sandpaper on wood.

I take a step forward and that's when Alex finally reacts, jumping almost a
foot into the air in a backwards motion, putting space between us as he
yelps.

               ALEXIOS
               "What...what!? How!?"

He stutters, and stumbles over his words.

I've seen Alex flustered before, but never like this.

There's real fear in his eyes as he stumbles against some bushes.

I wonder if he's just going to take off running, but instead he stands
there, quivering as he holds the clippers up in front of his chest, as if
contemplating using them as a weapon.

I raise my hands reassuringly.

               MARCO
               "Hey...Alex, it's me..."

I cough a few times, trying to clear my throat.

I see Alex's ears twitch at the sound as he slowly lowers the clippers,
though he moves to the side away from the bush, giving himself a clear path
to the palace.

               ALEXIOS
               "Marco? But how?"

He's staring at me like what he's seeing is impossible.

               MARCO
               "How what?"

I'm regaining my voice slowly, but surely.

               MARCO
               "What's happening?"

Alex finally seems to get a hold of himself, fur slowly laying flat again
as he eyes me, looking almost suspicious.

               ALEXIOS
               "I could ask you the same thing."

This catches me off-guard.

               MARCO
               "Why?"

               ALEXIOS
               "Well..."

Alex looks around before focusing on me again, tilting his head, as if to
look at me from a different angle.

               ALEXIOS
               "You were...you were dead."

               MARCO
               "Dead?"

               ALEXIOS
               "Well, not completely, but you were in a coma
               that we were told you would not wake up
               from."

               MARCO
               "Oh."

I look down at myself, as if to confirm that I am indeed alive and well.

Aside from the patchy scabs all over my arms and legs, I feel okay, aside
from the grogginess.

               MARCO
               "I thought the doctor healed me."

Alex's ears perk.

               ALEXIOS
               "Doctor?"

               MARCO
               "I mean, I think there was a doctor...I heard
               him when I was brought back here."

Alex's eyes narrow.

               ALEXIOS
               "Amicus told us you were vegetative before he
               arrived, how did you hear him?"

               MARCO
               "I...I dunno, I might have dreamed it. I was
               really out of it."

               ALEXIOS
               "If you were still concious when he arrived,
               he should have been able to halt the damage
               caused by the virus. Who was the doctor?"

With every passing second, I regain more and more of my wits, and Alex's
demeanor is confusing me.

He thought I was dead, and instead of being happy, I feel like he's
interrogating me.

That's also when I realize something else:

               MARCO
               "Wait, you all think I'm dead?"

               ALEXIOS
               "Well, not me anymore, obviously. This is all
               very strange...how did you survive, exactly?"

Now the cat is starting to annoy me, and I look past him toward the palace,
the situation finally dawning on me.

               MARCO
               "Where's Amicus?"

The cat is quiet for a moment, as if contemplating something, then quirks
his head.

               ALEXIOS
               "I'm not sure. He's been here and there,
               though I haven't seen him for at least a
               day."

I walk past the cat, toward the palace, realizing what sort of state the
wolf might be in.

               ALEXIOS
               "Where are you going? I'm very happy to see
               that you are well. This is all just very
               sudden and unexpected."

I ignore Alex, not really in the mood to figure out why he's acting the way
he is.

He's making me feel like I'm still dreaming.

So I walk quickly, and I'm relieved that he doesn't follow me.

The wave of cool air that hits me as I enter the palace is a welcome
feeling, and I find myself grateful to be back.

Despite having apparently been here the whole time, it really does feel
like I've been away for weeks.

I pick up the pace as I head toward Amicus's room, practically jogging.

I have to let him know that I'm okay.

The short distance to his room seems like it takes longer than it ever has
before, and I'm glad that I don't run into anyone else on the way.

That interaction with Alex was weird and I don't need a repeat of that
right now.

I finally make it to his door and I immediately hear muffled chattering
behind it.

I don't hesitate though, and I press my hand to the panel.

The door slides open, and instead of the usual blast of even colder air I
would often get from Amicus's room, it's stuffy, warm, and the smell a
little bit musky.

The lights are dimmed, and my heart sinks when I see the empty bed.

I linger in the doorway though, something feeling off.

The droning chatter is Com, giving what sounds like a monologue on the
history of some past emperor.

I see wine bottles too, mostly bunched together on top of the bedside
table, but there are also a few laying here and there on the floor.

               MARCO
               "Amicus?"

I call out, starting to become afraid of what I might find.

I take a few tentative steps into the room, then I hear a loud snore and
instantly, the worry gripping my chest starts to release.

I'd recognize that sound anywhere.

I hurry over to the other side of the bed where I find my wolf splayed out
on the floor, a wine bottle next to his head, only in his underwear.

He's clearly asleep...or passed out, muzzle hanging wide open as another,
thunderous snore shakes the floor.

               MARCO
               "Amicus!"

I crouch down next to him, resting a hand on his chest, trying to shake him
awake.

His only response is a few more broken snorts before drooling out the side
of his muzzle.

I switch to patting at his face, then grabbing his muzzle and shaking it
around, noticing how crusty the fur is, something I've never felt on Amicus
before.

               MARCO
               "Amicus!"

I consider slapping him like I've seen people do in the movies, then I see
the bottle next to his head and decide to go for another approach.

I snatch it up and hurry to the bathroom.

I hold the bottle under the faucet for a good five seconds, letting it fill
up with soapy water to the halfway point before I hurry back out into the
room.

Meanwhile, Com doesn't seem to notice me, droning on about how this
particular emperor was known for having a fondness of orchids.

I crouch down next to Amicus again, hesitating for a second as I wonder if
maybe I should call Cato...probably not Cato...Neferu maybe, just in case
Amicus is actually in trouble.

I don't know how much a wolf can drink before it can kill them, but the
sheer amount of bottles laying around the room worries me.

I decide to just go ahead with my plan, and I upend the bottle over
Amicus's face.

It pours directly onto his nose and he immediately chokes, turning his head
this way and that to avoid the stream of bubbly water.

I have a moment to wonder if drowning him is the best approach before he
suddenly sits up, pawing at his face.

               AMICUS
               "Gah!"

The wolf covers his eyes and it's only then that I realize how irritating
the soap might be for them.

               MARCO
               "Shit, sorry! Should I get some water from
               the shower so you can rinse your eyes out?"

Amicus freezes, still covering his face, then slowly lowers his paws to
reveal his bleary, bloodshot eyes.

He stares at me in a way that he never has before.

It's kind of surprised like Alex had been, but rather than fear, Amicus
simply looks empty, numb.

               MARCO
               "Are you okay?"

I reach out, but Amicus turns his head away.

               AMICUS
               "Away with you ghost...enough of your
               torment."

He keeps his head turned away, eyes closed.

               MARCO
               "Ghost? Amicus, it's me."

I reach out and grab his face, and that seems to shock him as he jumps and
turns to look me right in the eye.

I can tell that he's drunk, very drunk, but there's an extra distant look
in his eyes that I don't like.

               MARCO
               "Amicus...what are you on? Did you take
               something?"

I hold his big head steady, feeling the fullness of his cheeks in my hands,
looking into his familiar eyes, no matter how glazed and unfocused they
are.

Then I find myself throwing my arms around his neck and leaning into his
body, the reality of the situation crashing down on me all at once.

Amicus gasps into my ear, as if my touch suddenly makes him realize that
I'm real, that I'm here.

Clumsily, he starts to stand up, pulling me up with him.

It's difficult because I don't let go, almost getting lifted off my feet
before I settle on letting go for just a moment to hug him lower, around
his body, pressing my head to his chest, hearing his heart hammering
inside.

Finally, he's able to get a grip on me and push me away despite my
intention to cling to him forever.

He holds me at arms length, staring at me.

I clutch his paws on my shoulders, staring up at him, feeling my eyes start
to water.

               AMICUS
               "Is...is this possible? Is...no, please, I
               can't handle another hallucination."

His expression keeps morphing from hope and awe to devastation.

I feel his paws grip into my shoulders tightly, almost painfully, as if to
make sure I'm real.

               MARCO
               "It's me! I woke up in the garden for some
               reason, I'm okay..."

I want to hug him again, but he keeps holding me away, looking me up and
down, pushing my hair back and feeling my crusty skin.

               AMICUS
               "But...but how..."

               MARCO
               "I don't know. I just remember having crazy
               dreams, then I was in the garden."

As I'm talking, I think Amicus is finally believing it's me...and I notice
that his body is starting to sway in a worrying manner.

               MARCO
               "Amicus?"

I reach out to steady him, but as I do, his eyes roll back and I realize
there's no way in hell I'm going to be able to keep a wolf over twice my
weight from toppling over.

I try anyway, wrapping my arms around him as Amicus falls backwards, his
bulk pulling me down with him before he falls back-first onto the bedside
table, sending bottles flying while his upper-back and head smashes into
the wall.

My fall is absorbed by his much softer front, but the sound is loud, the
room shaking and probably waking up the entire palace.

Waking the wolf up the second time is a lot easier, probably because he'd
fainted rather than passed out from too much wine.

We're at least able to move onto the bed where Amicus sits cross-legged,
pulling me onto his lap and just holding me there, his paws moving around
my body, still trying to make sure I'm real.

For a moment, we don't talk, the wolf just pressing his nose to my hair and
breathing in deeply.

I feel a little self-conscious, knowing I must not smell very good right
now, but that doesn't seem to bother Amicus as he goes on pressing his nose
to my head and neck, taking in my scent.

Finally, he does speak, but it's one word:

               AMICUS
               "How?"

I turn my head toward the wolf, resting my cheek against his neck.

               MARCO
               "I don't know. I don't really even know what
               happened to me."

               AMICUS
               "You got sick...so sick. You were having
               convulsions, brain and nerve damage, it
               was...it was terrible."

Amicus's arms tighten around me, his voice, normally deep and strong, now
sounding weak and broken.

This statement worries me though, and I have to wonder if I really am
better.

There seem to be patches missing from my memory, and I do feel different,
like I'm not fully myself, but I don't really want to think about it right
now.

               MARCO
               "I think I remember a little bit of that. I
               had—"

I lift my arm up, showing Amicus the shiny, crusty scabs on my arm.

               AMICUS
               "It was avia pox, I—I can't believe I didn't
               consider the possibility of disease and
               illness for you. I'm just so used to the idea
               of any new arrival on Adastra going through
               that process...obviously we did it a bit
               differently."

               MARCO
               "Yeah..."

               AMICUS
               "And honestly I'm not even sure I'd have you
               do it. I don't know if you'd react
               differently to those vaccinations...each
               species has their own customized cocktail.

               AMICUS
               "And avia pox isn't included in the
               vaccination set. It's such a mild virus, we'd
               never seen anyone react to it the way you
               did, even other primates."

I think back to how quickly I became sick, how quickly I almost died.

I notice Amicus looking down at me again and I look back up at him.

               MARCO
               "What?"

Amicus shakes his head.

               AMICUS
               "I'm just still trying to make sure you're
               here, that you're real...I—I'm afraid if I
               let go, if I even look away, you'll
               disappear."

His arms tighten around me again, squeezing a huff of breath out of me.

               MARCO
               "I'm here, I promise."

               AMICUS
               "Well, I've had a lot of hallucinations; too
               many stress tablets I think."

               MARCO
               "Stress tablets?"

               AMICUS
               "Yes, quite a few of them in fact."

               MARCO
               "With wine?"

               AMICUS
               "Oh yes."

               MARCO
               "Amicus!"

I don't really know what these stress tablets are, but I imagine mixing
space Xanax with alcohol is a horrible idea.

Amicus doesn't seem bothered by my reprimand though, instead just snuggling
closer to me, his crusted face-fur prickly against my skin.

               AMICUS
               "I love you, Marco."

I get that familiar swooping feeling in my chest, like I'm on a roller
coaster.

I clutch onto his arms.

               MARCO
               "I love you too."

Amicus sighs and sets his chin on my head.

               AMICUS
               "I thought I'd missed the opportunity to say
               it...I still can't believe you're real."

               MARCO
               "Well, I am. I promise."

               AMICUS
               "But I still don't understand how. This
               shouldn't be possible. You were declared to
               be in a permanent coma, no brain activity...I
               had to set you out in the garden and only
               hope for a miracle."

               MARCO
               "Miracle?"

Amicus lets out a shaky sigh, running his fingers through my hair.

               AMICUS
               "When a sapient falls into such a state, we
               simply let them...fade away in a peaceful
               setting, or possibly recover if the parent
               allows it."

               AMICUS
               "I sat out there for a while, but couldn't
               bare to see you waste away, so came back to
               my room to drink and prepare for the
               emperorship."

I imagine Amicus laying those flowers around me and I feel my heart break a
little.

               AMICUS
               "Did...did the parents come to you, is that
               why you're here? I had hope that they would."

I shrug.

               MARCO
               "I really can't remember much."

               AMICUS
               "It does not matter. My prayers were
               answered, praise the gods."

Amicus starts to smother me again with his hugging.

Little bits of imagery from my dreams is starting to come back to me.

Something that happened in space, someone talking to me.

               AMICUS
               "And judging by the only human I know, your
               people are full of surprises. But we can
               figure it out later...I just want to hold you
               right now."

               MARCO
               "Okay."

               AMICUS
               "...and Marco?"

               MARCO
               "Yeah?"

               AMICUS
               "Please try to avoid mentioning that I...lost
               consciousness when I saw you."

               MARCO
               "Of course."

So we sit there for a while longer while Amicus just sort of cuddles with
me.

After about an hour, we finally decide to move to the shower, considering
the state we're both in.

We shower together, taking turns scrubbing each other.

The hot water really brings life back into my limbs, and those worrying
tingles have faded to the point where I'm barely noticing them now.

Amicus gently rubs at my crusted skin, and we're both surprised to see it
come away, exposing new, unblemished skin underneath.

               AMICUS
               "Incredible. I never knew humans healed at
               such a rate."

               MARCO
               "...Yeah."

I don't know if that's really the case, and my mind continues to wander
back to those vague, hard-to-remember dreams I was having.

Meanwhile, Amicus leans back against the wall as I rub soap into his front,
smiling gently as I lather up his chest.

I can tell he's still fairly drunk, but that doesn't stop his cock from
becoming fully erect between us, which I just pretend not to notice.

His eyes widen as if he suddenly realizes something.

               AMICUS
               "Wait, did anyone else notice you?"

I pause, both my hands cupping his sizable pecs.

               MARCO
               "Yeah, actually. Alex was in the garden and I
               talked to him."

               AMICUS
               "Just Alex?"

               MARCO
               "Yeah."

Amicus seems to relax a bit.

               AMICUS
               "What did he say?"

               MARCO
               "Just seemed really surprised—"

               AMICUS
               "Unsurprising."

               MARCO
               "—but he was acting a little weird."

Amicus shrugs.

               AMICUS
               "He keeps things to himself for the most
               part. I'd be worried if you ran into Cato, or
               Cassius especially. I need to think of a way
               to explain this to them. This Simian guise is
               becoming harder to keep up."

I'm about to mention more about Alex's demeanor, but that's when Amicus
just starts hugging me again, his dick, hot and firm, crushing between us
as he does.

I don't care though, and Amicus doesn't seem to either.

               AMICUS
               "I don't understand any of this right now,
               but as long as it's real, I don't care."

It feels so good like this, his wet fur slicked down tightly to his thick
body which presses against me perfectly.

Amicus finally shuts off the water and we're blasted with hot air.

I'm dried in less than a minute and I stumble out to try and fix my poofy
hair in the mirror while Amicus stands in the shower stall for a little
while longer.

After another few minutes, I watch him step out and come up behind me to
nuzzle my ears, embracing me once again.

He really can't keep his paws off me, but I completely understand why.

He starts nudging me out into the bedroom, before turning me around to face
him, lowering his face to mine...and I finally realize where this is going.

It feels so sudden, especially after everything that's happened, I think we
could use more time to adjust...but I kiss back anyway.

We've kissed a few times before, but only with our lips.

Now, his tongue presses against my mouth and I only hesitate for a moment
before letting it in, his thinner, longer tongue caressing mine with a
surprising, nimble strength.

I thought it would be kind of hard to make out with the way his muzzle is
shaped, but Amicus makes it happen, his lips clamping around my mouth as he
kisses deeper.

I'm amazed at how bold he's being, and I wonder if maybe it's because he's
still pretty inebriated.

He cradles my head gently, walking me backward slowly, his cock poking
against my groin and thighs occasionally until I come against the bed.

Gently, he lowers me down to rest on my back, both paws coming to press on
either side of my shoulders while he looms over me, grinning before he
pauses.

               AMICUS
               "Is this okay?"

I think.

               MARCO
               "I mean, are you okay? We can wait until
               tomorrow when you're less...drunk."

He grins again.

               AMICUS
               "I've been wanting to do this for so long, to
               show you how much I love you..."

Amicus leans down, nuzzling my neck.

               AMICUS
               "I thought I'd missed that chance. I can't
               tell you how dark these past three days have
               been for me. I—I ran out of tears yesterday."

Amicus looks away for a moment.

               AMICUS
               "...I'm not going to miss that chance now."

I reach up and hold his head steady again before I lean up to kiss him.

This may be alcohol-fueled, it may be sudden, but after everything that's
happened, after what Amicus has been through...I want us to be able to do
this before anything *else* happens.

He huffs loudly through his nose, the burst of hot air tickling my face as
he falls to the bed, rolling to the side to pull me up on top of him.

His massive, soft body cushions me like it always does, rising and falling
with his quickening breaths, his kissing becoming more and more aggressive
as he lets out little growls and snarls.

All the reservations I had about having sex with an alien wolf fall away at
that moment.

After everything that's happened, and especially after almost dying...I
just don't care anymore.

We grind against each other, both of us hard now as we just explore the
other's body, his giant paws sliding up and down my sides while I do the
same to him.

Eventually, I sit up, straddling his waist, looking down at him, just sort
of taking him in.

Again, he has that silly grin on his face, his paws on my thighs, kneading
at the skin and muscle.

               AMICUS
               "You're beautiful."

That makes me laugh.

               MARCO
               "Beautiful? Well, you're adorable."

Amicus raises an eyebrow.

               AMICUS
               "I'm not sure that's the correct descriptor
               for the next emperor of Adastr-aaahh!"

I lean forward and aggressively rub at his belly, his weak spot,
immediately neutralizing his snark as his paws flop back above his head,
eyes almost rolling with pleasure before he squeezes them shut.

He writhes and arches around my hands, leaning into the rub as I slide my
hands up to his chest, then all the way down to his lower stomach.

When that happens, I feel his dick jump against my rear, making me realize
how hard I'm getting him.

I'm getting the same way as I make the strong, thick body below me undulate
with pleasure.

His head rolls from side to side, tongue flopping back and forth and when I
giggle at him, that seems to finally bring him out of his trance.

He growls and grips my arms.

               AMICUS
               "THAT is cheating."

With that, he rolls me over, easily reversing our positions as he mounts
me, pinning my hands above my head with one paw.

With his other, he tries to rub at my stomach, which makes me laugh and
squirm until he finally lets off.

               MARCO
               "That...that doesn't work...on primates."

               AMICUS
               "Seemed like it worked well to me!"

He lets go of my hands and leans down to nuzzle at my face, his cold nose
exploring my chin, cheeks, and forehead.

He then starts to adjust his positioning before he suddenly stops, looking
up at me.

               AMICUS
               "Um..."

His ears lower, and I can tell that he's embarrassed.

               MARCO
               "What?"

               AMICUS
               "Do you humans...for males, do you go through
               the, uh...the rear?"

               MARCO
               "Oh."

I think about that.

That would be the expected route, but looking at Amicus's length...

The wolf follows my gaze and looks even more embarrassed.

               AMICUS
               "We don't have to! I don't want to hurt you,
               of course."

I prop myself up on my elbows, looking between the two of us.

               MARCO
               "Yeah...maybe some other time. You're kinda
               thick."

Amicus smirks.

               AMICUS
               "Thank you."

He starts adjusting himself again, squatting as he sort of waddles up so
that our dicks are parallel to each other.

               AMICUS
               "Maybe...maybe this?"

He slowly lowers himself until we make contact.

The feeling and sight of it is electric, the hot flesh of his cock pressing
against mine firmly.

Out of sight, I feel his furry balls come to rest gently on top of mine,
the soft forms molding together easily.

Amicus pauses there, smiling down at me gently as he rests both paws to
either side of my head.

               AMICUS
               "You'll have to excuse my ignorance. I'm not
               sure how humans might copulate."

He wiggles his hips, causing his length to slide from side to side on top
of mine, and I have to stifle a gasp.

               MARCO
               "I...I think it's about the same...from what
               I saw."

Amicus frowns for a moment as he realizes what exactly it is I'm
referencing, but quickly recovers as he leans down to kiss me once again.

Once he's finished, I smile back up at him.

               MARCO
               "But yeah, this is fine."

I rest my hands on his knees, noticing how he's balancing most of his
considerable weight in a squat.

               MARCO
               "Are you comfortable though? That looks like
               a work out."

               AMICUS
               "Heh, Cato works me a lot harder than this,
               Marco."

Amicus frowns again as he realizes how that could be interpreted.

               AMICUS
               "I mean, he makes me do a lot of squatting
               exercises. I'll just consider this extra
               practice."

I reach out and feel up the wolf's chest and belly while he speaks, again
marveling at how powerful it all is.

Amicus chuckles and arches out a bit to give me a better feel, taking deep
breaths and puffing out his chest.

He shudders as I rub at his nipples, the nubs of flesh hardening instantly.

               AMICUS
               "Mmmh...so, now that you're comfortable—"

Tentatively, Amicus reaches down with his left paw and carefully lifts my
length from my stomach to press against his.

This time, I let out a little gasp, being squeezed together like this
sending a jolt of pleasure up from my dick, through my body, and into my
brain.

Immediately my skin breaks out into goosebumps as I shiver to Amicus's
touch, his gentle, but all-enveloping paw feeling so good right now.

He starts off slowly at first, beginning to jerk us both off in small,
quick motions.

I can tell that he's being overly-careful with me, so I jerk my hips up
against him, encouraging more.

He seems to get the hint, and he picks up speed, giving the two of us
deeper, faster strokes that makes me grip at the bedsheets on either side
of me, staring at the ceiling as I let out soft pants and groans.

Amicus gets more and more into it, already leaking all over my own dick as
he pumps his paw, bicep bulging with the effort.

I've been jerked off by others before, but Amicus's paw really is something
else.

Of course it's big, but the soft, squishy pads on his palm and fingers add
to the pleasure, giving me a texture I've never felt before.

The wolf starts to thrust his powerful hips into the stroking, making the
bed squeak and shake.

Again, his strength is evident in how he practically moves my entire body
with each thrust, the idea that he's holding back turning me on even more.

I feel his heavy sack bouncing on top of mine.

My knees jerk up with each thrust, and each time they do, I feel his large
rear-end slam up against them, its furry form tight and clenched.

               AMICUS
               "I'm...getting...close..."

He pants out over my head, a drop of drool dripping down onto my cheek.

I start to thrust up against him in earnest, wanting to match his climax.

At this point, we're almost bouncing on the bed with how hard the wolf is
humping against me, forgetting his strength in the moment.

I don't mind though, not really caring how sore I'm going to be tomorrow as
the pleasure overtakes me.

It hits me all at once and I reach up to put a hand against his face,
letting him know, and he takes that as his signal to let go as well.

I feel it in his entire body, the wolf tensing up, muscles tightening,
standing out through the fur on his thighs, stomach, and chest.

I see his face then as he balances on the edge of climax, eyes wide and
looking toward the ceiling, mouth hanging open, a look of pure awe.

I feel it in his cock too, and at the same time, we're both pushed over the
edge.

I groan, something I don't usually do, but the build-up, the situation, the
feeling is all too much.

It's drowned out by the sound that Amicus makes though.

He practically sags over me, letting out a bassy, rumbling moan of ecstacy.

Hearing the masculine, deep voice making a sound of such pleasure spurs on
another spasm from my cock.

I think the same happens to Amicus, because he suddenly hunches forward
again, muzzle right next to my ear as he groans out again, his hot rush of
breath on the side of my face making me shudder.

The big wolf continues to thrust against me, in time with the spurts from
his cock, the look on his face now one of goofy pleasure, his long tongue
drooping out, dripping onto my chest.

His climax goes on for several seconds longer than mine and I watch as he
spurts over my stomach over and over until finally he collapses down
against me, his fur damp with sweat.

I wrap my arms around him as he heaves for breath, feeling his body expand
and contract against mine.

He nuzzles against my head, his stomach flattening against mine, against
the mess we've made.

We're going to have to take another shower.

Even though I'm a bit out of breath, I'm kind of amused at how much Amicus
is gasping, sounding like he just ran a marathon.

He really put everything into that.

               AMICUS
               "Huh...huh...you..."

I hold his head against mine, turning to kiss him on the cheek.

               MARCO
               "Me?"

               AMICUS
               "You...are...incredible..."

               MARCO
               "Thanks...you're really something too."

               AMICUS
               "A...good something?"

               MARCO
               "A very good something."

We lay there quietly for a moment, Amicus propping himself up a bit on his
knees and elbows so his entire weight doesn't rest on top of me.

               MARCO
               "How are your legs?"

               AMICUS
               "Heh, burning. Probably the most intense
               exercise my thighs have ever been through,
               but it was worth it."

Again, we lay there quietly as Amicus just sort of strokes my hair.

               AMICUS
               "I'm still terrified that this a dream."

I hug him more tightly to my body, almost forcing him to fall on top of me.

               MARCO
               "I'm here, and I'll be here in the morning
               when you wake up."

               AMICUS
               "You'd better, otherwise I'll never forgive
               you."

His speech slurs a bit as he whispers into my ear.

I look at him.

               MARCO
               "So exactly how drunk are you?"

The wolf shrugs, slowly rolling off of me, cold air hitting the fluids on
my stomach.

               AMICUS
               "I'm fairly sober now. Shall we wash up?"

He reaches out a paw and I take it, slightly surprised as he pulls me up to
be carried in his arms, like I'm his new bride.

We go to the shower and wash up again, even more slowly than we did the
first time.

When we come back to the bed, Amicus continues to dote over me, hardly ever
letting me go at any point.

I can tell that he is legitimately worried that this isn't real, and I feel
the same way.

After everything that's happened, this doesn't seem possible.

Eventually, I lay in the bed next to him, and he spoons me tightly against
his body.

He's extremely warm, but with no blankets and the cold air drifting down on
top of us, it's perfect.

Pretty soon I'm drifting off to sleep, listening to the wolf's soft snores
in my ear.

Thankfully, I don't dream...

...

               "GET UP!"

I jump at the same time I feel Amicus jolt against me.

We both struggle to sit up while pulling the covers up around us.

               CATO
               "OUT OF THE BED!"

The jarring appearance of Cato has me staring at him in surprise, unsure of
what to do.

Amicus immediately moves though, pulling me off the bed with him, standing
slightly in front of me as he hands me the blanket to cover myself up.

We both stare at Cato, the old wolf actually shaking with fury.

               CATO
               "Make yourself decent, Amicus."

Amicus hurriedly snatches up underwear from the dresser, giving me one of
my own as well.

As I'm struggling to tie mine on, I notice Cassius standing in the doorway,
something shiny and flashing with lights in his paw.

He doesn't have the usual sour look on his face though.

Instead, he almost looks scared.

Cato lets us stand in silence for a moment before turning his head toward
the door.

               CATO
               "Felix! Enter!"

I hear shuffling around out in the hallway and Cassius moves to the side to
allow a neatly-robed wolf to enter.

He looks about as old as Cato, though nowhere near as big.

He moves timidly, looking about with his ears down.

               FELIX
               "Y—yes, your Imperial Majesty?"

               CATO
               "Is that the alien you treated for avian
               pox?"

Cato jerks his head at me, keeping his eyes on Felix.

Felix turns to look at me, and I can tell that he's trying to think of the
right thing to say.

Finally, he just gulps and nods his head.

               FELIX
               "Yes, I treated him three nights ago for
               avian pox."

               CATO
               "And his species had no profile?"

               FELIX
               "N—no, I could only tell that he was a
               primate...how...how is he conscious—"

               CATO
               "Com, escort Felix to the dungeons."

               COMPUTER
               "Yes, Cato"

               FELIX
               "What? Why!? Why to the dungeons...Your
               Majesty?"

Felix looks imploringly at Cato before the probes enter.

               COMPUTER
               "Proceed to the hall or risk being shot,
               Felix."

               FELIX
               "Please, what is happening?"

Even while he speaks, Felix backs away out of the room, Cato completely
ignoring him.

We all listen to the doctor's stumbling steps out in the echoing hall, the
wolf making an attempt to ask Cassius what's happening before things fall
silent again.

               CATO
               "Cassius, come in and close the door."

Cassius, looking even more scared now, steps inside and allows the door to
close.

Cato stares at the two of us.

At this point, Amicus has one paw on my arm, keeping me firmly halfway
behind his back.

I'm still able to look around his shoulder at the furious acting emperor.

Slowly, I'm starting to realize what might be happening right now, and
Cato's next words confirm it.

               CATO
               "Amicus...did you make First Contact?"

Amicus is silent for a beat, but responds in a strong, confident voice.

               AMICUS
               "No, of course not. What in the world are you
               talking about, Cato?"

Cato stares, jaw clenched, then screams at us at a volume I didn't think he
was capable of.

               CATO
               "DO NOT PLAY GAMES WITH ME AMICUS!"

To his credit, Amicus only jumps a little bit, his grip still firmly on my
arm.

The silence that follows rings in my ears as Cato seems to work to calm
himself down.

When he speaks again, his voice is barely above a whisper.

               CATO
               "He is un-profiled. ALL children, abandoned
               or not, are profiled. He is not a Simian, so
               WHAT is he?"

Amicus is frozen, and I feel my stomach drop, like I'm going to piss
myself.

I see Cato working his jaw.

               CATO
               "And is it true he's your lover?"

Lover?

How would he know anything about that?

Amicus doesn't answer this time, and that seems to be enough for Cato.

               CATO
               "Fine, do not answer. We will take the
               correct precautions. COM!"

               COMPUTER
               "Yes, Cato?"

               CATO
               "Terminate Marco."

               AMICUS
               "NO!"

Amicus simultaneously throws himself in front of me while reaching back and
hugging me to him with both paws, backing me against the wall.

Drones begin to enter the bedroom, but Cato barks out another order.

               CATO
               "Pause last directive!"

               COMPUTER
               "Pausing last directive."

My view is obscured now, but I can hear Amicus's heavy breathing, his heart
hammering so hard that I can feel it through his back.

Once again, Cato allows the silence to stretch out before speaking.

               CATO
               "Then tell us the truth, Amicus."

               AMICUS
               "You must not harm him! Otherwise, I will
               give you nothing and...and I'll have you
               thrown in the dungeon when I become emperor!"

More silence.

I wince, wondering how that could have possibly been the right thing to
say.

Then I hear a low growling sound, one I'm sure is coming from Cato.

               CATO
               "How dare you. You think you'll become
               emperor after this? In fact..."

I hear a quick movement and the next thing I know, Amicus is wrenched from
in front of me.

I watch as he slides across the floor before Cato pounces on him, pinning
him there.

               CATO
               "Cassius! Grab the alien! Set the nervo to
               lethal."

               AMICUS
               "NO! PLEASE!"

I'm frozen, but I manage to look over at Cassius who seems just as frozen
as I am, holding up the nervo in his trembling paws.

               CATO
               "MOVE YOU IDIOT!"

Cassius jumps and hurries over to me.

I start to pull away, but he grabs me up in an awkward hold, setting the
nervo against my neck.

               AMICUS
               "NOOO!"

Amicus's struggles double and Cato is bucked around like he's on a
mechanical bull.

               CATO
               "Cease struggling, Amicus! He will not be
               harmed if you do as I say!"

Amicus seems to calm down a bit at that, panting wetly against the floor as
he looks straight at me, face full of desperation.

               CATO
               "You've proven yourself to be an incompetent
               fool, even moreso than I'd originally
               thought. You've endangered our entire empire.
               For this, you will not become emperor, rules
               be damned."

               CATO
               "It's a wonder how you thought you'd get away
               with this. It can only be a miracle that the
               monitors have not found out, and they surely
               would if you became emperor with
               that...thing."

Cato stands and wrenches Amicus to his feet, twisting the other wolf's paws
behind his back hard enough that Amicus lets out a bark of pain.

               CATO
               "The third trial begins today. You will lose,
               and Cassius will become emperor."

Cato begins to push Amicus to the doorway.

               CATO
               "Do as I say, and I will let the alien live,
               otherwise we can do all of this in the most
               unpleasant way possible, understand?"

Amicus is quiet until Cato shakes him by his pinned arms.

               AMICUS
               "Agh!...Yes."

               CATO
               "Good, now to the amphitheater. We will do
               this quickly. Do not make any stupid moves
               otherwise I will let the drones escort you
               instead."

Cato presses Amicus toward the door.

I see Amicus glance back at me, the look on his face one of utter
helplessness.

They're out the door by the time Cassius realizes he's supposed to be
following.

He jumps before awkwardly pushing me after them.

It's already sunset when we get to the amphitheater.

We must have slept for most of the day.

Amicus and Cato are already standing in the center of the amphitheater as
Cassius struggles to move me down the steps.

               CATO
               "Sit him down, Cassius, and get down here!"

Shakily, Cassius plants me down on one of the stone steps before suddenly
undressing.

That's when I notice that he's tucked the nervo into his waistband.

Possibly because of the frantic nature of the whole situation, Cassius
seems to have forgotten it, and I watch it fall into his clothing as he
drops it from his waist.

He then stumbles his way down to the center.

Amicus, meanwhile, stands stiffly next to Cato, his paws clenched, and I
feel my heart sink as I see the look on his face.

He has no idea what to do.

Several camera drones had followed us to the amphitheater, their lights
glowing an ominous red.

For several moments, Cato watches them arrange themselves around the small
theater, their lenses flashing in the fading light.

               CASSIUS
               "Cato?"

               CATO
               "What, Cassius?"

               CASSIUS
               "There was no trial scheduled for today...how
               will this be broadcast anywhere?"

               CATO
               "This will not be live. I'll think of a
               reason to tell the people later. We only need
               a single clip of you being victorious."

               AMICUS
               "They will never believe this."

Though Amicus is putting on a brave face, I can hear his voice shaking.

               CATO
               "*Pugnu* is a combination of skill and luck,
               and it's not always the strongest that wins.
               We will manage."

               AMICUS
               "And how—"

Cato suddenly whirls on Amicus, throwing a punch so hard into his jaw that
the other wolf spins almost 360 degrees before collapsing on the hard floor
of the amphitheater.

I'm standing up without even remembering doing so, heart hammering in my
throat as I look down at Amicus.

He doesn't move.

Meanwhile, Cato shakes his paw lightly, like it only stung a little bit.

Cassius, on the other hand, is clasping both his ears in his paws, staring
down at his brother in a mix of shock and horror.

               CASSIUS
               "C—Cato! What are you doing!?"

               CATO
               "Making it look more authentic, is all."

Amicus stirs on the ground then, groaning and pushing himself up.

I see dark spots forming under his face, blood dripping from his nose.

A camera drone drifts down slowly, filming Amicus as he spits blood.

I realize then that I have to do something.

I've been told to sit on the sidelines for far too long.

And I'm not entirely convinced that I'm going to be okay after this.

I'm a risk to the entire empire.

Why would Cato let me live after I'm done being useful?

I *have* to do something.

So I quietly sit back down and lean over to reach into Cassius's pile of
clothes, quickly finding the nervo and pulling it out.

Then I stand back up again to take a step downward, and no one seems to
notice.

               CATO
               "Come on Amicus, get up. You need to grapple
               with Cass."

               CASSIUS
               "Why didn't we just use makeup instead?"

               CATO
               "There is no time."

Cato finally bends down to grab Amicus under the arms and heave him up to
his feet, the big wolf left to stumble unsteadily, blood running down his
chin.

               CATO
               "Cassius, get Amicus in an ankle lock and
               drop him. That should be enough."

They set up their scene, even though Amicus seems almost completely out of
it.

All of them are distracted, and I realize that this might be my only
chance.

Slowly, I take one step at a time, down toward the center of the
amphitheater.

Meanwhile, Cassius is struggling to pick up Amicus's leg, almost losing his
own balance as he does.

After that, Cato tells Amicus to fall back, which the wolf does, slowly.

Cassius pins him on the ground after that, and I don't think it looks
convincing at all.

But that doesn't really matter now as I'm only a few steps from the ground
floor.

               CATO
               "Now, stand and raise your paws in victory,
               Cass. Look proud."

At this moment, things start to move in slow-motion.

Amicus is flat on his back, but he's looking right at me.

There's a questioning look in his eyes, then a pleading one, as if urging
me to step back.

I don't.

Instead, I take the final step down onto the floor of the amphitheater,
just behind Cassius, moving towards Cato.

But the white wolf continues to celebrate his pretend victory, and he turns
with raised paws to face me.

I see the sudden recognition on his face.

I run out of options and jam the nervo right into his chest.

Instantly, Cass is shot backwards several feet to crumple next to Amicus,
shivering and convulsing.

Before I can even turn to Cato though, the old wolf is on me, grabbing the
nervo out of my hands and pulling me close by the front of my robes, my
teeth clacking together with how fast he does it.

He's looking at the nervo rather than me, though.

               CATO
               "Damn it! Thank the gods the idiot didn't
               have it set on lethal."

Cato fiddles with the device and I realize he's about to use it on me.

I struggle, kicking at the massive wolf, but he's strong, stronger than
even Amicus.

But just as he flips the device around, the two metal prongs pointed at my
face, I see a paw come over the top of Cato's head.

Amicus grips into the metal grating of Cato's face mask, fingers locking
into the gaps before he pulls.

Cato screams, and I hear a horrible mix of crunching, tearing, and an
electronic hiss as I see red spurt from the old wolf's face for just a
moment before he goes down.

Amicus stares at me with wild eyes as he tries to keep Cato pinned.

               AMICUS
               "Marco, run...run to Neferu! RUN!"

I stare at Amicus numbly for a moment, a moment in which I want to do so
much...but can't, then turn and start to run.

I run as fast as I can, disappearing behind the trees and bushes, just as I
hear Cato yelling for Com to execute me.

To be continued...