The next day, Amicus wakes me up by gently shaking my shoulder.

AMICUS: "Hey...hey, Marco? Wake up."

I roll over on my sofa, groggily pulling the blanket up around me as I
shiver.

MARCO: "Ugh...it's so cold in here."

AMICUS: "Oh, I can turn up the heat if you'd like. It's just that I tend
    to...sweat a little when it's too warm."

MARCO: "Could just give me a better blanket."

AMICUS: "Of course!"

I'm in just my underwear...my Romanesque underwear.

Last night, Amicus had shown me (a bit awkwardly) how to tie it on.

While it's comfortable, it always feels a little loose, and there's a
constant worry that it's just going to drop off at some point.

AMICUS: "Anyway, we should get going soon. Alex is probably already waiting
    for us!"

I rub the sleep from my eyes, drawing the blanket around myself a bit more
tightly.

MARCO: "For what?"

AMICUS: "We're going to the island for a picnic! You wanted something to
    do, didn't you?"

MARCO: "Oh yeah, right."

I get up and grab my new robe off the back of the sofa.

AMICUS: "Don't bother with a shower today since we'll be swimming...well, I
    will, anyway."

Amicus moves to the bathroom and pulls out a large glass bottle filled with
a clear liquid.

He pours it into the glass cap and notices me watching.

AMICUS: "Oh, would you like to try some? I suppose your species cares about
    dental hygiene considering your teeth look alright."

MARCO: "What is it?"

AMICUS: "A wash that simply cleans the teeth. Keeps the breath from
    becoming offensively odorous."

He holds out the cap and I take it from him as he just pours the liquid
straight into his mouth.

I sniff it and though I expected a minty smell, it's floral instead.

MARCO: "Is this all you use to clean your teeth?"

Amicus swishes the liquid around in his mouth for a while, then spits it
into the sink.

AMICUS: "It removes any surface level debris, but you should get a deeper
    cleaning from a drone at least once a week. I can show you that later
    too, if you'd like."

That...kinda sounds terrifying.

MARCO: "Maaaybe."

AMICUS: "Honestly, you're supposed to use this every morning, but I forgot
    yesterday in all the excitement that we had."

I lift the liquid-filled cap to my mouth and, with just a little
hesitation, I pour it in.

The taste reminds me of walking into a room that's just been sprayed with
air freshener.

Not exactly pleasant, but when I spit it into the sink, I notice bits of
what I assume to be plaque floating down the drain, and my mouth does feel
a lot more fresh.

Guess it works.

Amicus seems impatient though, shifting his weight from one foot to the
other.

AMICUS: "Ready, Marco?"

MARCO: "Uh, yeah, sure. Do you have bathing suits, or something?"

AMICUS: "Uhh, like clothes for swimming?"

Amicus steps out of the room and into the main hallway as I follow him.

At the same time I finish tying on my robe, trying to make sure everything
is correctly in place.

AMICUS: "No, we swim nude. But if you prefer to have something on you could
    use your undergarments. I can't imagine that would be comfortable, but
    Alex does it!"

Just as he says the cat's name, I see him standing in the hall, carrying a
heavy-looking basket in both arms.

Once he sees us, he smiles.

ALEXIOS: "Hello Amicus, hello Marco. It's good to see you again. How are
    you this morning?"

I'm about to respond, but Amicus is already speaking.

AMICUS: "Good, good. You got all the food, Alex?"

ALEXIOS: "Uh, yeah. Though are you sure it's not against protocol that I
    took all of this?"

AMICUS: "Well, it would be if I didn't approve it. Now let's go!"

Alex and I follow the excited wolf's swishing tail as we head toward the
front archways, an area that I haven't been to before.

CATO: "Ahem."

I hear a familiar grunt and we all stop and turn around.

Cato stands there watching us, stoic as always.

CATO: "Where might you three be off to?"

AMICUS: "Er, hello, Cato! We're going for a swim."

CATO: "A swim?"

I can't exactly tell what's going on behind that visor, but the tone in his
voice doesn't seem all that enthusiastic.

Amicus seems to sense it too.

AMICUS: "Yes."

A moment of silence goes by.

CATO: "You know you have combat training today, Amicus."

AMICUS: "Well...yes, but only for part of the day. We'll be back shortly
    after noon."

Cato's face twitches and I can sense the disapproval coming off of him in
waves.

Then he turns his head slightly in my direction.

CATO: "You're taking the pets?"

I quickly fix my face into a middle-distance stare.

AMICUS: "Yes, I thought we could all use a little fresh air."

Cato goes on staring for a moment, and I start to believe what Amicus said
about Cato not having a good mood.

Finally, the old wolf turns his attention back to Amicus.

CATO: "Well, I have some of my own duties to take care of this morning, but
    I expect you to be in the amphitheater by the 11th hour. Do not be
    late."

With that, he turns and stalks off down the hall before disappearing around
a marble corner.

Amicus lets out a breath.

AMICUS: "Ugh, thought he was going to cancel our outing all together.
    Alright, let's go before anyone else tries to stop us!"

Amicus quickly turns toward the archways again and leads us out into the
warm morning air.

ALEXIOS: "You seem very eager, Amicus."

AMICUS: "Well, I haven't been swimming for weeks now, and I need a good
    exercise."

As we walk, I notice Alex huffing and puffing, struggling with the basket,
so I hold out my hand.

MARCO: "Here, do you need help?"

ALEXIOS: "Oh, I don't want to inconvenience you—"

I reach out and take the handle of the basket and Alex doesn't resist as I
pull it out of his paws.

It's heavy, but not impossible to carry.

I heft it in both my hands as we walk down the path toward the lake.

ALEXIOS: "Are you sure it's not too heavy?"

MARCO: "I'm fine! Though I think someone else might be able to handle it a
    bit better than us, especially since I imagine it's mostly HIS food."

Amicus's ears perk at my pointed statement.

AMICUS: "Oh! Is it heavy?"

Amicus turns and yanks the basket from me, easily swinging it in one paw.

AMICUS: "Should have said something, though I'll have to give it back once
    we get to the shore. I'll be swimming to the island!"

I frown.

MARCO: "Is it far?"

AMICUS: "Well of course you'll be taking the Sightseer."

MARCO: "What's that?"

Alex moves up to walk alongside me.

ALEXIOS: "You'll see. It's sort of a hovercraft for sight-seeing, as the
    name implies."

After a few minutes, we reach the shore where there's a small gazebo with
various boats underneath it.

There's also what sort of looks like a Jet Ski and next to that is...just a
glass box with an open top.

This is what Alex and Amicus walk up to, the wolf leaning over to drop the
picnic basket inside.

Once he does that, he strips off his underwear and tosses it into the glass
craft as well.

I look away and notice Alex do the same, his ears down as he blushes
furiously.

Trying to ignore the wolf, I walk up to the strange little craft, noticing
that there's an open space on the side of the box that allows us to get in.

The floor is glass as well, and I can see the dirt and vegetation
underneath us.

AMICUS: "Race you to the island!"

Amicus cheerfully waves at us before running into the lake, the wolf's
bushy tail swooshing around over his naked butt.

ALEXIOS: "Ugh...so inappropriate."

Alex shakes his head and turns to a slanted glass panel attached to the
side of the craft.

He touches it and several bright characters come to life on the screen.

A few seconds later, our little glass craft levitates off the ground and
starts to move over the water, albeit at a very slow pace.

MARCO: "Wow, what is this thing?"

ALEXIOS: "A sight-seeing craft. Parental tech, so it's very safe and easy
    to navigate."

I watch as we start to float over the slightly choppy water, Amicus already
about 10 meters out in front of us.

MARCO: "He's a pretty good swimmer."

ALEXIOS: "We're just slow. That's why he turned this into a race because he
    knows we won't beat him, even if we're going at full speed."

Sure enough, Amicus starts to widen the gap.

I notice Alex's ears twitching about as he navigates our craft, looking
left and right while avoiding looking at the water altogether.

MARCO: "Do you not like swimming?"

ALEXIOS: "Oh, I hate large bodies of water. It's a bit stressful coming out
    here honestly, but the island is serene and for the most part it makes
    the trip worth it."

MARCO: "Ah...felines are kind of like that on Ea—my planet, too."

I cringe inwardly as I almost reveal the name of my planet.

It was pretty blatant, but Alex goes on like he didn't even notice.

ALEXIOS: "Well, yes, similar origins and all, but honestly I'm a bit
    surprised that you're doing so well yourself, or that you even decided
    to come out here!"

That comes off as a little strange to me, but I'm distracted watching
Amicus get closer to the island.

Maybe only about fifty meters now.

I start to get an idea, though.

Judging by the distance between us, Amicus, and the island, I feel like I
might be able to beat him...

I grin, then start stripping off my robe.

ALEXIOS: "Wh-what are you doing? We're not at the island yet!"

Alex blushes furiously again, looking away.

MARCO: "I'm gonna beat him."

ALEXIOS: "What!?"

I grab onto the edge of the glass barrier and swing my legs over it.

ALEXIOS: "NO!"

Alex actually tries to lunge for me, his paws just barely missing as I
plunge into the lake.

I don't have much time to think about why because I'm instantly surrounded
by freezing cold water.

I come up, gasping from the shock of it before I spot the direction of the
island and start swimming toward it.

It's been a while since I've really had a chance to swim.

I'd always been pretty good at it though, and soon enough I get into the
familiar motions of putting one arm ahead of the other while turning my
head to take breaths.

While this is going on, I can still hear Alex shouting behind me.

But then, just as I'm feeling that I'm about to gain on Amicus, I get
rammed by something heavy and furry that suddenly starts to pull me into
its grasp.

At first, I wonder if I've been captured by some kind of Adastran sea
monster.

...Maybe that's why Alex is freaking out.

But just as I'm about to resign myself to that fate—

AMICUS: "Marco! Don't worry, I've got you!"

I stop fighting against the big, furry arms wrapping around me as I feel
Amicus kicking his legs under mine, sort of pulling me toward the island
that's just a few dozen meters away now.

MARCO: "Wh—what are you doing!?"

I try to pull away, but Amicus keeps me in a fierce death-grip, refusing to
loosen up at all.

ALEXIOS: "By Galen!"

I look up and see Alexios dumping out the basket full of food into the
Sightseer before throwing the basket at me.

ALEXIOS: "Use this! It will keep you above water!"

It hits me in the face before gently bobbing away in the waves.

MARCO: "What the HELL is going on!?"

I try to pull away from Amicus one last time, but give up, leaning into his
chest with a bewildered expression on my face.

He kicks his feet awkwardly under mine before I finally feel our feet drag
into the shifting sand under the water.

Even then, Amicus doesn't let me go.

He keeps his firm grip around my wrist as he pulls me to shore, bringing us
onto the little island.

AMICUS: "Are you alright!?"

Amicus puts his paws on my shoulders, his wide eyes looking into mine,
breathing heavily.

MARCO: "Yes! What the hell just happened?"

I rub my nose where the basket hit me in the face and that's when Alex's
little craft pushes gently onto the sand.

He hops out, running up to us.

ALEXIOS: "I don't know what happened Amicus! He just jumped out! I'm sorry
    I couldn't stop him."

Alex bows deeply, ears flat and trembling.

I start to wonder if maybe there's something in the water that I wasn't
supposed to come into contact with.

I look at my skin, but everything seems fine.

I finally look up at Amicus, trying to ignore his dick as it swings around
between his legs.

Amicus seems to notice at the same time and covers up his crotch with his
paw, keeping the other on my shoulder.

MARCO: "Can you just explain to me what happened?"

Amicus frowns at me.

AMICUS: "Well...You can't swim...you're hopeless in water. It's why I
    wanted you in the craft."

Alex's lips tremble a bit, as if about to cry.

ALEXIOS: "You're not born with natural swimming abilities. Whenever a
    primate falls into water they're almost sure to drown. Are you sure
    you're okay? I'm so, so sorry."

The way they explain to me how primates work reminds me that they still
might not consider me to be on the same intelligence level as them.

It's like I don't know my own species capabilities, that I just jumped in
because I'm a stupid barbarian.

It irritates me, but both of them look almost traumatized.

Especially Amicus.

The paw not concealing his crotch is still firmly locked on my shoulder, as
if worried I'm going to go running off into the water again.

MARCO: "Guys...I can swim. I mean, yeah it's not natural for us, but we can
    learn. I've known how to swim since I was a kid."

They still stare back at me, as if not understanding.

AMICUS: "Really?"

MARCO: "Well yeah, do you think I just jumped out of the...the thing to
    just drown myself?"

Amicus lets go of my shoulder to cover his dick with both paws now.

AMICUS: "I don't know. I know you're unhappy here, so I wasn't sure..."

I laugh.

MARCO: "I'm not THAT unhappy. I'm fine. And you know, I'm not an idiot. I
    thought you'd know this by now, Amicus."

Things go quiet then; Alex looking off to the side with his ears down,
Amicus standing awkwardly and covering his crotch with both paws.

MARCO: "So did I ruin our outing?"

AMICUS: "No, no. I just need to remember that you're not a typical Child.
    Now uh, let's try to relax and have some fun. It's the whole reason we
    came out here after all!"

Alex still looks a bit dejected, looking off toward the Sightseer.

ALEXIOS: "I ruined our food. I'm sorry."

Alex bows again.

I remember how Alex isn't really supposed to know about my intelligence, or
anything about me, really.

But if he's bothered by the conversation that just took place, he's not
showing it.

Amicus shrugs.

AMICUS: "Stop bowing, it makes me feel strange."

The naked wolf ambles over to the craft and as he leans over to look at the
cluttered mess inside

His tail lifts and we get a view of his butt again.

Alex looks away, blushing, but at this point I think I've given up on
trying not to see the various naked parts of this wolf.

Being in the nude seems pretty natural for him, even if he tries to hide it
from us.

AMICUS: "I think we can salvage a decent meal out of this. The wine's
    good!"

Amicus lifts a large bottle of wine into the air, still not turning around.

ALEXIOS: "I—I'll sort through it Amicus. Please, enjoy your swimming
    exercises in the meantime."

Alex quickly moves to start gathering up the food, head down.

AMICUS: "Well...alright. And ears up, Alex! We're here to have fun!"

Alex puts his ears up, but doesn't lift his head to look at us.

AMICUS: "Oh, right."

The wolf grins at me, dipping his muzzle down at his crotch.

AMICUS: "The Cats are just like you when it comes to this sort of thing.
    Anyway, I'll get in the water so you won't have to keep averting your
    eyes. You should join me now that we know you can swim, Marco!"

I start to follow, then look back at the cat.

MARCO: "Uh, do you need help, Alex?"

Alex shakes his head quickly, and I can see that he's still blushing.

ALEXIOS: "Go on and swim, Marco. I'll just be sunbathing anyway."

There isn't much room in the Sightseer for two people, and Amicus seems to
be waiting for me, so I follow the wolf out toward the water.

AMICUS: "Intelligent conversation AND a swimming partner. I have a pet that
    can do it all!"

Amicus shoulders me as we walk along the beach, making me stumble.

MARCO: "Hey."

I say it warningly, even though I know he's joking.

MARCO: "You know, I have to wonder why you'd take me out here if you didn't
    think I could swim."

AMICUS: "Everyone enjoys the beach whether they can swim or not!"

The sand becomes too hot as I walk along the beach, so I have to jog the
last ten meters or so to the wet sand, sighing as a wave cools my burning
feet.

Amicus catches up.

AMICUS: "Too hot? I suppose I should remember that you are a bit more
    fragile than the other species."

MARCO: "Fragile?"

AMICUS: "Well, a bit. I mean, when we fought on the ship I had to hold back
    a lot!"

I give Amicus a shove, the wolf stumbling more than he probably would have
if he wasn't covering up his junk.

AMICUS: "Whoa, hey!"

With that, I wade out into the shallows, the water quickly coming up to my
shoulders.

I stick to the shore, treading water as I watch Amicus splash around, doing
a sort of lunging swim that reminds me of the butterfly stroke...just a lot
more clumsy.

After a few minutes, he swims up next to me.

AMICUS: "You doing alright? I'm still unsure of you being out in the
    water..."

MARCO: "Hey, don't start. I know what I'm doing."

AMICUS: "Alright, alright, but even experienced swimmers can have
    accidents, so let me know if you need help, or anything."

Amicus stands right in front of me, his fur plastered tightly against his
chest.

MARCO: "I will."

The wolf shields his eyes from the sun with a paw as he looks around.

AMICUS: "Anyway, do you want to have a race around the island? We can stay
    in the shallows. I actually used to do it with Cass all the time as a
    pup."

I look around the small island, deciding that the distance is short enough
that I can manage it.

MARCO: "Alright, sure."

AMICUS: "Alright Marco, but be warned; I won't go easy on you just because
    you're a primate!"

I swim past Amicus.

MARCO: "Go!"

AMICUS: "Wh-HEY!"

I hear the wolf splash noisily behind me as he tries to catch up.

I do fairly well for the first half of our little race, managing to get
around the backside of the island without the wolf catching up to me.

I notice that this part of the island is covered in dense trees and
vegetation with no beach to speak of.

It's at this point that Amicus overtakes me with his big, lunging strokes,
breathing hard each time he comes up.

I realize how hard he's trying, and I wonder if he's actually afraid of
losing.

It's clear that there's a competitive edge to him, and I guess that makes
sense if he's so determined to beat Cassius to the throne.

As we come around the final bend, I fall further behind, quickly losing
stamina as the muscles burn in my arms and legs.

Amicus seems to notice and slows down a bit toward the end, allowing me to
catch up some before he reaches the same spot we'd started at.

For a moment, we both just gasp for breath in the shallows, though Amicus
grins.

AMICUS: "Huh...huh...huh...hehe, I win...huh..."

I roll my eyes and wait until I can breathe evenly again.

MARCO: "Whatever. You've got way more muscle than I do."

AMICUS: "That...isn't really...an advantage."

Amicus still breathes heavily and I wonder how much effort he actually put
into beating me.

AMICUS: "Besides...I've got all this fur weighing me down and you don't.
    You know, competitive swimmers actually shave their fur down near the
    skin."

That makes me wonder what a shaved wolf would look like.

MARCO: "Guess I just have bad stamina."

AMICUS: "Actually, you did a lot better than I thought you would. Had me
    worried the first few minutes. What do you call that swimming style?"

MARCO: "Uh, I don't know. I think it's just called freestyle."

Amicus moves closer, his breathing finally under control.

AMICUS: "Could you teach me?"

MARCO: "To swim? Looks like you've already got that down."

AMICUS: "I mean *your* style of swimming."

MARCO: "You beat me, didn't you? Why would you want to learn my style?"

I say that, but I think I know what Amicus is getting at.

He has a very...clumsy way of swimming, sort of like he's fighting the
water itself.

Amicus harrumphs, blowing some droplets of water from his nose.

AMICUS: "It looked effective. I'd just like to try it if you're willing to
    show me."

I smile.

MARCO: "Alright."

For the next hour, I show the wolf how to swim freestyle.

At the beginning, it kind of feels like I'm teaching a toddler how to swim.

The first few tries end up with him thrashing around in the water like he's
about to drown, showering me with lake water until I have to reach out and
grab him to make him stop.

I decide to start with the arms first, standing in the shallows and showing
him how I put one arm ahead of the other in a sort of rhythm.

Again, I have to stand close to the naked wolf, grabbing his big furry arms
and showing him how to move them.

Once he has that down, he quickly learns how to add his feet into the mix
and pretty soon, he's swimming back and forth, picking up speed to the
point that I'd have no hope of keeping up with him.

I realize then that Amicus is a very fast learner.

AMICUS: "Haha! This is so much better! Do you know any other styles?"

Amicus paddles happily around me.

MARCO: "Well, I guess back floating, but no not really. I'm not a
    professional swimmer."

Amicus stands, water running down his furry body.

AMICUS: "Want to race again?"

He grins at me.

I laugh.

MARCO: "No! I'm exhausted after teaching you all of that."

AMICUS: "Oh don't be such a pup, or are you afraid of losing again?"

Amicus winks to lighten his words.

I think about flicking him on the nose like he's a misbehaving dog, but I
resist the urge.

MARCO: "No. I'm tired and I'm hungry and if I stay out any longer, I'm
    probably gonna get a sunburn."

Reminding Amicus that there's food on the beach seems to change his mind
and he follows me into the shallows.

AMICUS: "Oh, that's right; you have no fur. Sometimes I get burned around
    my nose if I stay out too long. Are you alright?"

I feel Amicus rub a paw over my shoulders and I shiver.

MARCO: "Well, we'll know by tonight, but I feel alright."

As we trudge onto the beach, I see Alex curled up on a blanket, his fur
bright and shiny under the sun.

Judging by the plates around him, he's already eaten.

Amicus chuckles.

AMICUS: "Such a feline. Anyway, you'd better keep your eyes off me. I want
    the fur to dry before I put my undergarments back on, so I'm going to
    stop covering up for you!"

Automatically, my eyes start wandering toward the wolf before snapping back
to look straight ahead.

But then I start to think; I am going to be here for a while, as far as I
know.

Maybe I should get used to the whole nudity thing now?

When in Rome...

    I mean, it's not that big of a deal, and if this is a normal thing for
    the Wolves, why not get used to it?

    So I look.

    Amicus grunts in surprise when he sees me not bothering to avoid
    looking his way.

    AMICUS: "Wh—human!"

    Amicus's paws snap to covering his crotch again.

    I smirk.

    MARCO: "What? I might as well get used to it if this is normal around
        here, right? Though I gotta say, you're acting like it isn't."

    Amicus pauses, then pulls his paws away from his crotch, his face
    flushed.

    AMICUS: "you just surprised me, is all! Anyway..."

    Amicus walks stiffly up the beach, past the sleeping Alex while I try
    to keep up.

    It's kind of satisfying to see how embarrassed he is considering how
    much he'd been teasing me about it.

    And honestly, now that I've seen it, it really isn't a big deal at all.

    The wolf's cock and balls are just like a human's.

    Sure, maybe with a little more fur on the balls and a darker shade on
    the cock, but still similar.

    We reach the Sightseer and I see that Alex has laid out the food in a
    neat little line of plates.

    Though some of the pastries look a bit squashed, everything seems to
    have survived the emergency dumping that they suffered.

    Amicus grabs a few large plates of quiches and what look like fruit
    pastries.

    Meanwhile, I grab a folded blanket, the bottle of wine for Amicus, and
    a smaller bottle of the vegetable-tasting juice I'd had yesterday for
    myself.

Don't look.

    Nope.

    Just because I'm on an alien moon doesn't mean I'm just gonna conform
    to their way life.

    I'm not planning to stay here for *that* long...I hope.

    Besides, Alex has been here a while and he seems to be getting along
    fine without conforming.

    So I go on keeping my eyes just slightly to the right, letting Amicus
    fade into a vague, gray blur.

    We reach the Sightseer and I see that Alex has laid out the food in a
    neat little line of plates.

    Though some of the pastries look a bit squashed, everything seems to
    have survived the emergency dumping that they suffered.

    Amicus grabs a few large plates of quiches and what look like fruit
    pastries.

    Meanwhile, I grab a folded blanket, the bottle of wine for Amicus, and
    a smaller bottle of the vegetable-tasting juice I'd had yesterday for
    myself.

We make our way over to the shade of the trees before I roll out the
blanket and Amicus starts to tie his underwear back on.

Finally, he sits down with a huff before reaching out for the wine.

AMICUS: "You sure you don't want any?"

He asks before guzzling some of it down.

MARCO: "Um, I mean, maybe at dinner, or something, but I'd rather not get
    buzzed right now."

AMICUS: "Oh really? I'd have to drink quite a bit more than this bottle to
    become inebriated."

Guess that explains how he can drink so much of it for every meal.

MARCO: "Well, you are a lot bigger. Anyway, this stuff is great."

I easily pull out the cork on my own bottle before drinking down the ice-
cold juice.

Amicus pulls a face.

AMICUS: "Eugh, *virdi*? that stuff tastes awful. Wine is so much better."

Amicus immediately goes for the fruit pastries, shoving two in his mouth at
the same time.

MARCO: "Maybe you just prefer sweet things? And slow down, don't you take
    time to enjoy your food?"

Amicus frowns at me with his mouth full.

AMICUS: "I do enjoy it. That's why I eat it fast."

I smile and go after one of the quiches instead.

We eat in silence for a few minutes, then I remember what Cato had said
earlier.

MARCO: "When do you need to be at that thing Cato was talking about?"

AMICUS: "Combat practice? We've got at least an hour yet."

MARCO: "And what does that involve?"

AMICUS: "Oh, just striking and grapples. I'm just glad Cass isn't here to
    join us. I hate sparring him."

MARCO: "Really? You told me last night he can't even compete with you."

AMICUS: "That's exactly why. He has a condition where his bones are less
    dense than what is normal, makes them easy to break. Because of this,
    I'm more of a training dummy for him than anything."

AMICUS: "Basically he just uses it as an excuse to punch me in the stomach.
    There isn't much I can do to retaliate that won't seriously injure him,
    so I prefer training with Cato."

MARCO: "Didn't you tell Cassius you'd punch him yesterday?"

Amicus laughs.

AMICUS: "Hahahaha! I did, didn't I?"

AMICUS: "Well, that's why he was so offended, but now he knows not to
    bother you."

AMICUS: "I've learned to be gentle with him since we were pups, but my
    limits can only be pushed so far, especially now that I have you."

MARCO: "You said you used to get along with him when you were pups?"

AMICUS: "Yes, but I think that had more to do with him admiring me when we
    were younger. He used to look up to me, which was preferable to how he
    is now."

MARCO: "What happened?"

Amicus shrugs.

AMICUS: "We grew older, then mother died and he was always very close to
    her. They shared a lot in common, including their disease."

Amicus pokes around at the pastries before picking one up that looks to be
filled with a red fruit.

AMICUS: "Then I suppose we've always been different philosophically, which
    would be fine if he weren't trying to take the throne from me."

MARCO: "So if you were next in line for the throne, how could Cassius just
    challenge you for it. Is that how it's supposed to work?"

AMICUS: "No, not really. Cato is the one who decided to do things this
    way...which he can because he's the acting emperor."

AMICUS: "Cassius has been building a following amongst the wolves for the
    past several years."

Amicus shakes his head.

AMICUS: "I thought he was simply trying to solidify his chances of becoming
    my advisor, but his speeches and writings were so different from my
    father's..."

AMICUS: "I did realize he was cultivating a certain persona for the
    emperorship eventually, but I never thought Cato would buy in to it
    just because of Cassius's popularity...but he did, and here we are."

Amicus shoos away a worryingly large fly that lands near the plate.

AMICUS: "I thought I'd have more time, anyway. A lot more time, but
    father's passing was sudden, so I'm left with what I have now."

MARCO: "What happened to him...if you don't mind me asking?"

AMICUS: "To father? His ship crashed while landing in Adastra City about
    five months ago. It's a rare thing to happen, but it does happen."

MARCO: "I'm sorry."

AMICUS: "Well, he's with the Parents now, so I'll see him again, but he
    should have had so much more time left, just like mother."

MARCO: "How old was he?"

AMICUS: "157."

I blink.

MARCO: "He was 157?"

AMICUS: "Yes."

MARCO: "Years?"

AMICUS: "Yes?"

Amicus looks at me, confused.

MARCO: "How long do you people live?"

AMICUS: "Uhhh, it varies, obviously, but about 250 to 300 years."

MARCO: "Wow..."

AMICUS: "How long do your people live?"

Amicus looks slightly apprehensive.

MARCO: "I dunno, 80? 100 if we're lucky."

AMICUS: "Oh."

Amicus's ears fall.

AMICUS: "That's...so short."

MARCO: "Compared to you guys, yeah."

AMICUS: "Wait, how old are you?"

MARCO: "20, how old are you?"

Amicus is still frowning.

AMICUS: "23."

That gives me some pause, trying to work out how much that would be in a
human lifespan.

MARCO: "Wait, so are you an adult, or..."

Amicus seems to recover.

AMICUS: "Well, adulthood varies among species and cultures, obviously, but
    legal adulthood is 20. So yes, I'm considered an adult."

MARCO: "Huh, that's about the same as humans."

AMICUS: "But the difference is that you die a lot sooner."

That concerned look again.

I shrug.

MARCO: "Eh, I've grown up with the idea, so it's not all that shocking to
    me."

Amicus seems to be thinking.

AMICUS: "Well, maybe we can do something about it. I don't like the idea of
    you being through a fourth of your life when you've only just reached
    adulthood."

I frown.

MARCO: "Well, what are you gonna do about it?"

AMICUS: "We aren't able to live so long naturally. We take supplements and
    medication that slows the aging process. Maybe we could consider some
    for you."

It's an interesting thought, but I don't like the idea of being a guinea
pig for Wolvish medication.

MARCO: "Uh, maybe, but let's figure out this whole emperor thing first."

AMICUS: "Alright..."

Amicus picks at his claws for a while, and it looks like he wants to say
something, but he doesn't and just stays quiet.

Finally, just as I'm about to ask him what's wrong, he looks over at the
sleeping Alex.

AMICUS: "I'll be right back."

And with that, the wolf suddenly gets up and jogs over to the cat.

I can't help but feel the conversation was left unfinished, but then I see
Amicus get down on his paws and knees, as if sneaking up on Alex.

I frown and watch as the wolf gets closer, his paw reaching out...for
Alex's earring.

I guess the wolf wasn't being very quiet because Alex suddenly rolls over
and squeals as the wolf leaps at him.

ALEXIOS: "Amicus, no! No, no, this is my best one, don't mess it up!"

I sigh and get up, a little reluctant to leave the shade as I make my way
over to the pair.

Alex has rolled up into a little ball, clutching at his ear as he tries to
hide the grapes.

ALEXIOS: "Don't you dare! Do you want to tear my ear off!?"

AMICUS: "I'm being gentle! If you'd stop trying to fight it, it would make
    this easier!"

ALEXIOS: "Noooo!"

Alexios tries to roll away, then spots me."

ALEXIOS: "Marco! Help!"

I sigh and watch for a bit before deciding to save the poor cat.

I look for an opening, then pounce on Amicus's back, wrapping my arms
around his neck and my legs around his waist, trying to throw him off-
balance.

AMICUS: "Ohoho! Not so fragile now, are we?"

Amicus swings me back and forth, as if trying to throw me off, but not
really putting any effort into it.

Meanwhile, Alex scrambles out from under the wolf before turning and giving
him a shove.

AMICUS: "Agggh!"

Amicus starts to topple backwards and for a moment I think I'm about to get
crushed between this 300 lbs wolf and the sand, but Amicus turns as we fall
and we end up laying sideways on the beach.

Alex stands to the side, quickly dusting himself off before adjusting his
earring, frowning.

ALEXIOS: "You know, I might as well just stop wearing this thing. There's
    no point if half of it is plucked by the day's end."

Amicus just lays there and laughs.

His laugh is infectious, so I laugh too.

AMICUS: "They're too good, Alex. Maybe you should start wearing inedible
    berries instead?"

Alex huffs as he looks down his nose at us.

ALEXIOS: "It's a cultural staple of my people, and honestly, what you're
    doing is rather disrespectful, especially as a prospective emperor."

Amicus waves his paw dismissively, laying flat out on his back next to me,
his arm flopping over my head.

AMICUS: "Phaw! You're a friend. Obviously I wouldn't do it to an actual
    ambassador."

ALEXIOS: "I *am* an actual ambassador, Amicus!"

AMICUS: "Yes, but a friend ambassador."

Alex sighs.

ALEXIOS: "Anyway, thank you, Marco. You should obey your master, yes, but
    it is also important to keep your master in check when he oversteps his
    bounds."

AMICUS: "Hey, don't encourage insubordination, Alex."

Amicus's big paw resting above my head comes down to ruffle my hair.

I realize for the first time since I was abducted that I'm at ease, happy
even.

Then Alex looks at the sky.

ALEXIOS: "Amicus, what time is it?"

Amicus suddenly sits up with a grunt, also looking toward the sun.

AMICUS: "I don't know...is it close to the 11th hour?"

ALEXIOS: "I was asleep so I'm not sure. I'd ask Com, but we're outside his
    boundaries."

Amicus sits for a moment, then sighs.

AMICUS: "Well, I suppose we should be off, just in case."

We gather up the food and blankets.

MARCO: "Don't you guys have portable clocks, or something?"

Amicus shrugs.

AMICUS: "We do, but usually I can just ask Com."

The wolf taps his ear.

AMICUS: "But like Alex said, his signal doesn't reach the island."

Amicus is starting to look a little nervous, so we pick up the pace and
pack ourselves into the Sightseer, a bit more crowded now with Amicus
inside.

When we're halfway to the shore, Amicus asks the time, then groans.

AMICUS: "Dammit, half-past the eleventh hour."

The Amphitheater is small compared to the massive one I'd seen in Rome.

It might only be able to fit a hundred people at most.

Though Alex tells me that the really big one is in the city center.

He sits next to me on the bottom bench with the stairs between us as we
watch Amicus stand alone in the center of the pit.

He has his paws on his hips, looking around, waiting.

AMICUS: "Well, I don't think he's here."

ALEXIOS: "Clearly."

AMICUS: "Do you want to be my sparring partner for the day, Alex?"

ALEXIOS: "No!"

Alex scrunches up, one paw going up to cover his earring as Amicus just
laughs.

I look around, not seeing the old wolf anywhere.

MARCO: "Are you gonna get in trouble, Amicus?"

Amicus shrugs, leaning one way, then the other in a sort of stretch.

AMICUS: "Probably, but Cato is always upset. He'll probably just make me
    train an extra hour tomorrow, or something. Besides, I got most of my
    exercises in at the lake."

Amicus suddenly does a handstand, his feet poking straight up in the air,
and I'm amazed that he's able to keep perfectly balanced.

Alex quickly looks away as the hanging cloth on the wolf's undergarment
falls upward, even if everything is still covered.

Well...mostly; I can see the lighter colored fur that covers his front also
covering his inner thighs.

Then Amicus falls backward, keeping his paws on the ground while his feet
land with a thump, the wolf's back arched, making a bridge.

It's kind of impressive seeing such a thick, muscular body be so limber.

That's when I notice Amicus looking directly at me from his upside-down
position, watching me watching him.

I quickly look away blushing, realizing the wolf is just showing off.

Amicus pushes off his paws, smoothly standing up straight.

AMICUS: "Heh, well...I suppose we could go back to the palace since I'd
    need a partner to do the rest of my training...unless—"

Amicus glances at me.

AMICUS: "Marco, would you like to assist me?"

I freeze up for a moment, still feeling a bit awkward at being caught
staring at his body.

I know I can say no, but Alex is here, and I don't want to come off as a
belligerent pet in front of him.

We're still sort of pretending, after all, even though Alex probably thinks
something is off about me.

AMICUS: "Don't worry, I'm not going to hurt you. It would probably be the
    other way around, haha!"

MARCO: "...Alright."

I get up and stand awkwardly in front of the half-naked wolf, glad that I'm
at least in my robes now.

AMICUS: "Do your people have combat sports?"

MARCO: "Uh, yeah. Actually there were a few where your people uplifted.
    Wrestling and something else where they'd basically just beat each
    other up...I can't remember the name of it though."

Amicus smiles.

AMICUS: "That sounds similar enough! This is called *pugnu* and it mostly
    involves punching, kicking, and grappling. The only rules are no claws,
    no teeth, and no going for the eyes...or groin."

Amicus smirks at me.

AMICUS: "And while sparring, we avoid striking above the neck. So! Go ahead
    and throw some punches at me!"

Amicus grins and hunches down, his paws out.

I look over at Alex who watches us, a bit of a disapproving look on his
face.

Amicus notices.

AMICUS: "Don't mind Alex; his people are too soft for this sport."

ALEXIOS: "Um, excuse me, but we invented the grapples you use. We just grew
    out of it."

Amicus seems to ignore the cat, circling me.

AMICUS: "Come on, don't hold back! Mostly I just want to train my
    reflexes."

I try to shake off my timidness and move forward, throwing an awkward punch
at Amicus's chest.

The wolf easily slaps it away.

AMICUS: "I...hope you can do better than that, Marco."

I blush and put a little more effort into a quick punch at the wolf's side,
which he dodges with a jump to the right.

I follow him and jab at his stomach, which he blocks with an elbow.

AMICUS: "Oh come on, you can hit harder than that!"

We go on for a while longer until I finally stop, huffing.

Amicus comes up from his crouch.

AMICUS: "What's wrong? Tired already?"

I shake my head.

MARCO: "Honestly, I just don't like throwing punches at you...feels kinda
    wrong."

Alex perks up.

ALEXIOS: "See? Marco understands."

Amicus rolls his eyes.

AMICUS: "Pff, you're both soft! There's nothing wrong with a bit of
    sanctioned combat. In fact, I'd say it creates a more civilized—Unf!"

I take the opportunity to jab Amicus in the side, making the wolf grunt.

Amicus turns on me with widened eyes.

MARCO: "Uh, oops?"

Amicus frowns while Alex laughs.

AMICUS: "I'll show you an "oops"."

Amicus smirks as he ducks in, grabbing my arms and easily pinning them
behind my back.

MARCO: "Hey!"

Amicus growls playfully into my ear.

AMICUS: "Ha! Now it's your turn to train. Try and and get out of this!"

He leans heavily against me, using his weight to his advantage.

It's clear I have no chance of getting out of the hold, but I try anyway,
struggling and complaining.

?????: "AMICUS!"

I jump and so does Amicus, the wolf immediately letting me go.

The sudden lack of support almost causes me to face-plant before Amicus
catches me and sets me back on my feet.

I turn around and see Cato.

Despite the volume and fury in his voice just moments earlier, he appears
almost calm.

Amicus and I stand there for a moment, breathing heavily, then Amicus bows.

AMICUS: "Good morning, Cato."

I quickly follow suit, bowing low.

There's a moment of silence as Cato regards us both.

CATO: "Afternoon, you mean. You're late."

AMICUS: "My apologies. I lost track of the time at the lake."

CATO: "Your pet did not remind you? Is that not one of his duties?"

Cato's gaze snaps in my direction, and I almost jump.

I don't know what to do, so I go back to bowing, wondering if I should
apologize.

AMICUS: "I...have not taught him our hours yet, Cato. It's my fault."

Cato watches us for a moment longer, then begins unfastening his robe.

CATO: "Luckily, my appointment with the Praetor has been canceled, so
    despite your tardiness, we may train.

Cato tosses his robe aside.

CATO: "Move, pet."

I stand there like an idiot for a moment before realizing he's talking to
me.

I hurry over to sit down next to Alex and I can tell by the expression on
his face that he's also a bit worried.

CATO: "I see you've already warmed up."

Cato glances over at me again before turning back to Amicus, getting into a
crouch.

Amicus stands awkwardly for a moment before doing the same.

AMICUS: "Yes...did you need to—"

CATO: "I did mine while waiting for you for over half an hour, Amicus."

AMICUS: "Ah."

The two big wolves start circling each other.

I want to ask Alex if this is normal, but something tells me I shouldn't
speak out of turn in the presence of Cato.

CATO: "Your brother had a very successful speech in the city today; over
    five hundred thousand attended."

AMICUS: "Hm?"

Amicus seems thrown off by what Cato said, but then Cato's fist snaps out
and smacks Amicus right on the nose.

AMICUS: "Agh!"

The wolf stumbles back, blinking and snorting as he holds his face.

I wince.

Didn't Amicus just tell me they didn't go for the face during training?

I look at Alex questioningly, but the cat is now looking firmly at the
ground between his feet, his ears down.

CATO: "That's double his last speech, Amicus, and it rivals your father's
    early days as emperor."

Amicus has recovered at this point and he's got his paws back up, his teeth
bared.

He doesn't respond and starts circling Cato again, and this time he attacks
first, throwing an elbow at Cato's face.

Cato ducks it and moves to the side, smacking a fist into Amicus's back,
right over the kidney.

AMICUS: "AAAAGH!"

Amicus lets out a pained grunt, bending sideways and stumbling before
forcing himself back into position, his teeth showing now.

CATO: "And while you were being a pup at the lake, Cassius was touring the
    countryside, and even that drew thousands."

Cato throws a sudden kick at Amicus's thigh, and I look away, but I still
hear the painful thwack of furry flesh on furry flesh.

This isn't training, this is punishment.

CATO: "Stealing a ship and flying across the galaxy will only get you so
    far, Amicus. You win the people over, not me—UNGH!"

Amicus bull rushes the old wolf, grabbing one of Cato's legs by the thigh,
lifting it off the ground while he starts throwing vicious punches into the
older wolf's face.

Cato seems to become dazed, stumbling on his one foot, raising his paws to
protect himself.

I silently root for Amicus, wanting to see him put the old man on his ass.

But then Cato's paw comes around in a vicious slap that turns Amicus's head
to the right.

He drops Cato's leg, and that's when the old wolf wraps his arms around
Amicus's waist, setting his shoulder in the other wolf's stomach before
actually lifting him up off the ground.

I don't know exactly how much Amicus weighs, but it's probably around the
same as Cato himself, and somehow the old wolf is able to carry Amicus
across the pit in a rush.

Alex and I dive out of the way as Cato crushes Amicus into the stairs with
a thudding crunch.

AMICUS: "Huuunffh!"

I look back and see Amicus folded around Cato's shoulder, making a sound
like a deflating tire as his eyes bulge.

After a moment, Cato finally pulls back.

Amicus curls up and rolls down the few steps to the pit of the
amphitheater, making a horrible groaning sound.

Cato, meanwhile, straightens out his undergarments before turning to pick
his robes up.

CATO: "Good spar, Amicus. I hope you learned something from it. I announced
    to the public that the trials will begin at the end of this month."

CATO: "Remember that your pet will be involved, so be sure that he's
    prepared."

Cato ties on his robe as he walks away, then suddenly turns as if
forgetting something, addressing the still-wheezing Amicus.

CATO: "Oh, and your sister and her guest arrived today. She requested to
    see you in the great hall as soon as our session ended."

And with that, Cato stalks off, his robes billowing in the wind.

I rush to Amicus's side.

MARCO: "Amicus! Are you okay?"

I know that wolves are tougher than humans, but if I'd been slammed into
the stairs like that there'd be a good chance I'd never get back up.

I set a hand on the Amicus's back as he hugs at his middle and presses his
face against the stone floor.

He keeps making a strained, grunting sound, and I can see a strand of drool
connecting from his lips to the ground.

Alex stands next to us, nervously fidgeting with his robe.

MARCO: "Amicus?"

Amicus surprises me by roughly pushing my hand away.

AMICUS: "I...I just...lost my wind. Give me...a moment."

Amicus turns away from me, then rolls onto his back, his paws above his
head, his breathing still irregular, but at least he *is* breathing now.

Alex clears his throat.

ALEXIOS: "Amicus, do you need medical attention?"

Amicus takes a deep breath, then lets it out slowly.

AMICUS: "No, Alex."

ALEXIOS: "Alright...then I should probably take my leave. I don't know when
    Cassius will return."

Alex, looking extremely uncomfortable, bows to both of us.

ALEXIOS: "Amicus, Marco, thank you for the outing. It was very relaxing."

He then quickly makes his exit down the stone path, disappearing through
the trees.

I stand awkwardly off to the side, waiting for Amicus to recover.

AMICUS: "Tch, some ambassador friend he is."

He opens one eye, looking at me.

AMICUS: "You know, you can head back to the palace as well."

MARCO: "I...just wanna make sure you're okay."

AMICUS: "I'm fine."

MARCO: "I mean, he hit you really hard. I'm a little worried."

AMICUS: "Don't be. Go back to my room."

Amicus's usually cheerful mood has completely dissipated.

MARCO: "Well, if I'm pretending to be your pet then I guess I'll just
    pretend to be worried, alright?"

Amicus just grunts and finally gets to his feet, wincing as he does.

He straightens out his undergarments which had twisted off to the side
before walking toward the same path Alex had taken.

I quickly catch up, following a few steps behind the wolf.

Amicus is hunched over, walking with a light limp.

I feel a wave of anger for Cato.

He'd been nice to me yesterday, but now I realize that isn't typical for
him.

I understood the "lesson" he was teaching Amicus in the amphitheater, but I
don't understand why it had to involve violence.

Is this how the wolves normally treated each other?

Fake civility with bursts of savage aggression?

MARCO: "Was that...was what Cato did normal?"

AMICUS: "What do you mean?"

MARCO: "I mean, does he usually just...beat you like that?"

Amicus sighs deeply.

AMICUS: "Not usually, no."

MARCO: "Seemed a bit...much."

AMICUS: "Can we not speak of this? I'm not in the mood."

I go quiet and I see Amicus's ears fall flat for a bit before coming back
up.

We walk the rest of the way to the palace in silence.

I'm sure to stay a few steps behind Amicus, wanting to give him space.

I get the feeling that while he's definitely upset about what happened,
he's mostly just embarrassed that I saw it.

We finally reach the main entrance to the palace and just as we turn into
the great hall—

?????: "Amicus!"

A high, sing-song voice echoes around the marble walls as a slight, Wolvish
figure quickly approaches us.

A wolf who I can only imagine is Virginia walks up to Amicus.

She places both paws on his shoulders and leans in, pressing the side of
her face to his.

AMICUS: "Hi, Virginia."

Virginia pulls back, rolling her eyes.

VIRGINIA: "Amicus, I took your place on a trip around the moon for a full
    week and your only response is 'hi'?"

AMICUS: "Sorry, I...I'm not feeling all that well."

VIRGINIA: "Oh? Was Cato too rough with you during training? Shall I have a
    word with him?"

AMICUS: "No, I'm just sore."

VIRGINIA: "Mh, you could use a shower, too. You smell dreadful."

AMICUS: "I—we were swimming in the lake...never mind."

AMICUS: "I should be getting back to my room."

VIRGINIA: "Enough with the dour mood, Amicus. Not until we introduce our
    guests to each other!"

Virginia looks right at me, over Amicus's shoulder.

Amicus sighs, then reaches out his paw to me.

I walk over to him, letting the wolf place his paw on my shoulder.

AMICUS: "This is Marco, he's an abandoned child."

VIRGINIA: "Oh, fascinating. I thought Cass was pulling my tail in his
    letters."

Virginia stretches out a paw.

I stand there awkwardly, unsure of what to do...so I reach out and take her
paw in my hand.

Then, after another pause, I lean down and brush my lips on her fur like
I'd seen people do in movies.

VIRGINIA: "Heh, interesting. It seems they have some sort of etiquette."

I step back, keeping my head down.

AMICUS: "A bit, yes. Now where's the Khemian?"

VIRGINIA: "Manners, Amicus. He's examining the murals."

She turns to her right, raising her voice a bit.

VIRGINIA: "Neferu? Could you come over and meet my brother, please?"

There's a moment of silence, then soft footsteps.

A canine appears around the corner, his fur much darker than the wolves,
almost pitch-black.

He's covered in gold highlights and immediately I'm struck by how he looks.

Not just because his presence is impressive, it definitely is, but mostly
because he reminds me of something on Earth.

Not just something, but an entire thing...a culture.

As I stare, I realize that he's not looking at Amicus, but at me.

I quickly look down again, not wanting to draw attention to myself.

VIRGINIA: "Neferu, this is my brother, Amicus."

Neferu bows his head slightly in Amicus's direction.

NEFERU: "Hello, thank you for letting me take up residence in your palace.
    It is indeed beautiful."

It's hard to describe, but I immediately know that Neferu is speaking a
different language than the wolves.

It has a different feel in my brain, like a different dialect.

AMICUS: "Certainly. You'll have to excuse my appearance; I was just out
    combat training."

NEFERU: "Oh, I see. It must have been a rough session, by the looks of it."

Neferu gives Amicus a cool smile and Amicus can only manage a grunt in
response, self-consciously running a paw over his head fur.

That's when Neferu turns his cool, blue gaze on me.

NEFERU: "And who might you be?"

I open my mouth to answer, then catch myself and quickly look back down.

AMICUS: "This is Marco, my pet. He's an abandoned child."

Amicus says it quickly, putting his paw on my shoulder again while gently
pulling me in the direction of his room.

AMICUS: "It was wonderful meeting you, but now I must be off to my shower—"

Neferu offers his paw to me.

I pause again, but Amicus just stares at Neferu, so I take it and do the
same as I did with Virginia.

Neferu lets out a soft chuckle as I let go of his paw.

NEFERU: "What a fascinating creature. Do you speak?"

I make sure to give a long pause, then—

MARCO: "Little..."

NEFERU: "I see."

Neferu keeps his eyes fixed on me, and I have to wonder why the hell he's
taken such an interest.

AMICUS: "Ahem."

Amicus draws me close to his side with a paw before starting to walk in the
direction of the hall.

AMICUS: "If you'll excuse us, I need my pet's assistance in the showers.
    Pleasure meeting you."

Virginia, who had been silent throughout, smiles.

VIRGINIA: "Don't worry Neferu, we just caught my brother in a bad mood.
    Usually he's much more friendly."

AMICUS: "I can hear you, Virginia. I'm still here."

VIRGINIA: "So you are, yet you said you had to be off. We shall speak more
    in depth in the evening, perhaps when you've stopped sulking."

Amicus grunts noncommittally and pulls me along toward his bedroom.

As we arrive at Amicus's room, there's a cart of flatbread, vegetables, and
a bowl of sauce sitting outside the door.

I've come to realize that there are two main meals in the day: breakfast
and dinner, with a sort of midday snack in between.

Amicus grabs the cart and shoves it into the room toward the sofa, almost
rattling the contents to the floor.

Then, without a word, he heads straight to the shower, leaving me to sit on
the couch while I frown at the door.

At first, I think about calling him out on his bad mood when he comes back
out, maybe go on about how I didn't ask to be here and him being an ass
only makes it worse.

But then I start to realize that maybe I wouldn't be so happy myself if I'd
gotten my ass kicked in front of my friends.

I spend the next fifteen minutes or so spreading the orange-colored sauce
on the flatbread before sprinkling the vegetables on top and rolling it
into a wrap.

It's good, and the sauce is one of the first spicy things that I've
experienced on this moon.

Then Amicus comes back out, looking particularly fluffy.

I'm about to ask if he wants to get brushed, but he just falls back into
his bed with a groan.

MARCO: "You alright?"

AMICUS: "Never better."

A few of the chopped peppers fall out of my wrap onto the sofa and I
quickly pick them back up and set them on the cart.

MARCO: "This is actually really good; I was starting to worry that you guys
    didn't have food with actual flavor here. You know the country where
    you guys uplifted, Italy, it's known for its food."

MARCO: "Actually, before you uh, took me, I had this trip planned to go to
    Naples, which is a few hours outside of Rome, just to try the
    pizza...do you have pizza here?"

Amicus gazes at me with a frown.

I wonder if he understood a single thing I said.

AMICUS: "No."

MARCO: "Oh...well, it's sort of like this if I'd kept it flat and we baked
    it. Anyway, you want some?"

I hold up my wrap with a smile.

Amicus glares.

AMICUS: "I just had my guts squashed flatter than that flatbread and you're
    assuming I still have an appetite?"

I quickly lower it.

MARCO: "Oh yeah, sorry."

Amicus goes on staring at the ceiling while I nibble on the food, though
I'm not really all that hungry anymore.

Then Amicus sighs deeply, covering his face with his paws.

AMICUS: "I'm...sorry. I've just been thinking a lot is all."

MARCO: "...About?"

Amicus just shakes his head, continuing to rub his brow.

AMICUS: "Well, how sore I am, for one."

I look over at the wolf, then remember what he'd said last night, about the
massage.

I think about it for a moment.

Amicus *has* been trying to make me as comfortable as possible throughout
the few days I've been here...minus the sofa.

I kinda feel like I owe it to him.

MARCO: "You want a massage?"

I see Amicus freeze up, his face still covered with his paws until he
finally lowers them, his expression almost comical.

AMICUS: "What?"

I feel myself turning red.

MARCO: "I asked if you want a massage."

AMICUS: "I thought you didn't want to."

MARCO: "Well, I never really gave you an answer, did I?"

Amicus narrows his eyes.

AMICUS: "I don't want to force you into something you don't want to do."

MARCO: "Well I'm offering, but if you don't want it..."

I start to sit back down.

Amicus's ears fall flat.

AMICUS: "No, no, please do."

I try to hide my smile as I get back up and approach the bed.

Amicus just sort of watches me, half-sitting up.

Once I get to the edge of the bed, I pause.

MARCO: "Umm, so what do I do?"

AMICUS: "Oh, uh..."

Amicus rolls over onto his front.

AMICUS: "Well, honestly I don't really know how it's *supposed* to be done,
    but you could start with some...light rubbing."

Cautiously, I get up onto the bed on my knees, trying not to get tangled up
in my robe as I scoot closer.

Tentatively, I reach out and touch the wolf's back.

Amicus inhales gently, his back rising against my fingers.

Then, slowly, I start to massage, starting on his thick neck before slowly
rubbing my way down.

I don't know the first thing about massaging, so I just do what feels
natural, and Amicus seems to like it.

When I reach his mid-back, he grunts.

AMICUS: "Little more gentle there. Got scraped on the stairs."

I pause, then tease through the fur a bit and find a small, fresh scab,
right on Amicus's spine.

I pet the fur back down before moving past it, working my thumbs into the
muscles on either side of the wolf's spine.

MARCO: "Cato's an asshole."

Amicus lets out a choked cough of surprise.

AMICUS: "Marco! Don't say that! He's the acting emperor."

MARCO: "Well, he is."

AMICUS: "If you must say it, at least keep your voice down. I swear,
    Cassius sometimes has his ear pressed to my doo-aaaaah..."

Amicus moans as I start on his neck again and press harder than I had last
time, really sinking into the muscle.

The wolf's body melts into the bed and I grin with satisfaction as I keep
up the pressure down the rest of his back.

It would be easier if I were straddling him, but I don't know how I feel
about doing that just yet.

Amicus is quiet for a few minutes while I work, then he sighs.

AMICUS: "He was right though. I still act like a pup. I need to be more
    serious."

I frown.

MARCO: "What do you mean?"

AMICUS: "Cato had every right to beat me. I haven't been acting very much
    like an emperor lately."

I shake my head.

MARCO: "First of all, no one should be beaten. Second, Cassius acts like a
    child...or pup. I mean, you might sometimes act a little immature, but
    he's a brat. You're fine if he's the one you're competing with."

MARCO: "Besides, you're a lot of fun to be around. If I were a wolf, I
    would think it's pretty cool to have an emperor as nice and fun as you
    are."

AMICUS: "Oh really?"

AMICUS: "Then I suppose things are different here. I forgot myself at the
    lake today, and when Cato caught me teasing you..."

Amicus presses his face into the pillow, cringing.

MARCO: "Can you not have fun as the prospective emperor?"

AMICUS: "Not really...Cassius hasn't been out in the lake for years.
    Sometimes I think something is wrong with me, that I still enjoy such
    things."

I think, trying to decide whether my opinion is worth anything on this
alien moon.

MARCO: "Well, I don't think so. People our age on Earth do way dumber stuff
    to have fun and it's considered normal. Even when you get older you're
    expected to do things you enjoy."

MARCO: "Otherwise what's the point of life? We're only here for a moment
    before we die and that's it."

I can't help but feel that my argument is a bit amateurish.

Amicus doesn't seem convinced either.

AMICUS: "Well, first of all the point of my life is to lead my people to a
    better future. Secondly, we become one with the parents when we die."

I frown.

MARCO: "Become one? What, do they...absorb your soul, or something?"

I stifle my chuckle when I see that Amicus is still very serious.

AMICUS: "No, well, I don't know, but our consciousness joins theirs and we
    go on to spread throughout the universe together."

MARCO: "Huh, is there...proof of this? Did they say that's what happens?"

AMICUS: "Of course."

I think of questioning him further, but right now I'm not really in the
mood to debate anything religious with this wolf.

His mind seems to be on the "having fun" issue anyway.

MARCO: "Well, I will say that Roman emperors on Earth had a lot of fun."

I laugh.

MARCO: "There was an emperor named Elagabalus that didn't really give a
    shit about what the people thought of him. He had all the fun and sex
    he wanted."

AMICUS: "Oh?"

Amicus sounds amused.

Then I wince, remembering that no one really liked Elagabalus and he was
killed along with his male lover, then his beheaded body was dragged
through the streets of Rome...

MARCO: "Well...I think balance is a good thing to have in life. Be serious
    when you need to be, have fun when you can."

Amicus just grunts again and I go on rubbing for a while longer.

AMICUS: "Oh! So while I was at my studies I had some time in the library to
    myself."

AMICUS: "I found this primate species in the...general vicinity of your
    star."

AMICUS: "They were part of a failed uplift and look generally similar to
    you. A lot hairier, but I don't think anyone will notice."

AMICUS: "The name they have for themselves isn't pronounceable by us, but
    we named them the *Simanians*, so if anyone asks you what you are, tell
    them that."

MARCO: "Oh, okay."

I repeat the word in my head, trying to memorize it.

AMICUS: "Also...I would recommend avoiding that Khemian. I didn't like the
    looks of him."

MARCO: "Why not?"

AMICUS: "I don't know, but his demeanor was rather rude. I've heard they
    are an arrogant people, but to see it in person..."

I almost laugh at the hypocrisy of that statement.

I'd point it out if Amicus wasn't being so grumpy right now.

AMICUS: "And the way he looked at you didn't sit well with me. Just be sure
    you watch out for him."

I didn't really see much of a difference bewteen Neferu and the wolves
aside from appearance, but Amicus seems genuinely concerned.

MARCO: "Alright."

Amicus grunts in response and I go on rubbing for a little while longer.

Then Amicus rolls over.

I pause.

MARCO: "Um..."

Amicus suddenly opens his eyes, as if realizing what he's doing.

AMICUS: "Oh! Er..."

MARCO: "Do I...do your front too?"

AMICUS: "Well...often after I get my massage, my drone rubs me. It helps me
    fall asleep for my afternoon naps."

MARCO: "Rubs you where?"

Amicus's ears turn bright red.

AMICUS: "My...my belly."

I laugh.

AMICUS: "Don't laugh! You're the one that wanted to know."

I hesitate, and then almost automatically, my hand reaches out and starts
to rub.

Amicus is tense at first, then starts to relax, the blush in his ears
receding.

MARCO: "You're such a canine."

AMICUS: "I am a canine."

The fur, fluffy and disheveled from the shower, smooths down against the
wolf's thick stomach, his belly rising and falling against my hand.

In his relaxed state, his stomach is soft under the fur, and I press down a
bit more firmly to really rub at it.

Amicus grunts and winces a bit.

MARCO: "Too hard?"

AMICUS: "Just sore, but keep going; it feels good."

As I continue to rub, his eyes close and his muzzle parts slightly.

MARCO: "Soooo...the trials start soon, at the end of this month, I guess?"

AMICUS: "...Yes."

MARCO: "And I'm involved in it somehow?"

AMICUS: "Mmmmh..."

MARCO: "Wanna talk about it later?"

AMICUS: "Mmh."

Now that I'm thinking about it, I'm getting a bit nervous.

But Amicus doesn't seem to be worried, and that puts me at ease, at least a
little bit.

That's when I notice the particular bulge in Amicus's undergarments, the
one I'd noticed when I'd brushed him yesterday.

I'm not surprised this time, though.

If brushing had done it to him, rubbing definitely would too.

So I ignore it and so does Amicus, or maybe he's just asleep.

I realize then just how much I've accepted my life here, rubbing this
prospective emperor wolf's belly, even though I know it's making him hard.

But I also realize that I don't really mind it.

It's only been a few days, but there's something about this wolf...

I don't know, I just like him.

Amicus starts to snore, so I slowly stop rubbing, watching his chest rise
and fall with his steady breaths.

I think about going back over to the sofa, but instead I just roll over to
Amicus's left, curling up on my side in the soft pillows.

With the relaxing sounds of Amicus's gentle snores behind me, I drift off
into a light sleep.