Over the next week or so, I start to get used to my new life.

I find that the days are easy to adjust to, and like Alex said, 19 hours in
a day isn't all that bad.

Though the sleeping period is a bit shorter than I'm used to, it's been
easier now that I sleep on Amicus's bed.

After I'd fallen asleep next to him, we decided that there was enough room.

The wolf set one of his many long pillows down between us as a courtesy to
me, even if he did sometimes end up rolling over onto my end.

He's been busy these past few days, and I think it's because of what
happened between him and Cato.

He doesn't suggest any more "outings" and instead wakes up early to go to
meditation before leaving for the city to do various campaigning stuff.

Amicus doesn't explain exactly what that involves, and he doesn't bring me
along.

I ask why, considering I thought my main job was to accompany him to these
things, but he just says he's not doing the stuff that involves me quite
yet.

Instead, my introduction to the people of Adastra is going to be during the
first trial.

He says the reveal will be a lot more impressive that way, and that rumors
are already spreading about his new pet.

That's another thing: my involvement in the trial.

Apparently, I'm to be his partner in the dance portion, something I have no
clue how to do.

I've been getting more and more worried about it, telling Amicus he
actually needs to show me what I'm going to be doing, but he brushes me
off, telling me it's no big deal.

Apparently, the dancing is rather easy, and the main objective is just to
show me off.

Since everyone already knows what Alex is, I should be rather impressive to
the officials that will be judging us.

Amicus is confident that we'll win that portion of the contest easily.

Still, he promises me at least a few sessions of practice before the actual
day of the competition.

I realize now that that's only three days away, and despite Amicus's
constant reassurances, I can feel the stress building.

I can only trust him that the dance is actually easy and simply an
opportunity to show me off.

Meanwhile, half of my days tend to be empty of things to do.

I'm left on my own to either hang around in Amicus's room, have
conversations with Com about Adastra and its culture, or just try and busy
myself with menial work.

Sometimes I hang out with Alex which I enjoy, but lately I wonder if the
idea that we're technically going to be competing against each other is
causing a bit of a rift between us.

Still, I get a lot of time with him since Cassius is out just as much as
Amicus, if not more.

We go out into the gardens a few times and other times we watch Adastran TV
together, sometimes even catching Amicus or Cassius giving speeches to the
seemingly endless crowds of wolves.

The broadcasters seem to like tallying up numbers, and it's clear that
Cassius always has an edge.

Still, from what I've gathered, Amicus has had a bit of surge and manages
to at least do better than half Cassius's numbers.

It's still a little worrying though, but from what I can tell, popularity
doesn't factor into the trials.

When I'm not with Alex, I try to avoid running into any of the others,
which is actually pretty easy.

Cato is almost always absent from the palace, doing his own official
business as acting emperor.

Virginia hasn't bothered to talk to me after our first interaction,
probably deeming me incapable of any sort of conversation.

Neferu, on the other hand, is the one person I have difficulty avoiding.

Unlike the others, he greets me when he sees me, and occasionally sticks
out his paw so that I have to kiss it.

The only difference now is that after I do it, he does the same to me.

I think I gave him the false impression that it's some sort of normal
greeting for my people.

He seems to enjoy it quite a bit, but only tries it when Amicus isn't
around.

As for Cassius, I don't see him for the entire week...until today.

I'm in the dining room, watching the screens and zoning out.

The wolves are pretty talented at making basically all of their films
incredibly boring.

It's probably something to do with the long-winded monologues and
theatrical acting.

Alex is gone today, doing some type of ambassador work in the city while
Amicus is out with Cato, training, though he's supposed to be back in the
next hour to give me that dance practice he's promised.

I'm nodding off and thinking about heading back to Amicus's room to take a
quick nap when Cassius suddenly comes in.

He stalks in with that particular stiff gait that he has, along with his
usual sour expression.

Even though it's been a while since I've seen him, I haven't forgotten that
look of his.

I jump and quickly sit up straight, looking at the ground.

There's only a moment of silence before his reedy voice breaks it.

CASSIUS: "Pet! Come with me."

And with that, he turns and stalks right back out of the room.

I sit there, stunned for a moment.

First of all, Amicus told Cassius never to give me commands.

Does that mean that I shouldn't listen to him?

I know immediately that that wouldn't be a very good idea, and I jump off
my bed to hurry out into the hall.

The important thing is that Amicus isn't here right now, and I know that
Cassius is not someone I want to piss off.

I still remember how quickly he suggested he hit me as punishment.

I'm just in time to see his white tail disappear around a corner and I jog
after him, noting just how confident he is that I'll follow him without
question.

I don't think he's even looked back once.

I realize that we're heading out into the gardens, toward the same tables
and benches that Alex and I have eaten our lunches at a few times.

That's when I see Virginia and Neferu sitting down already, cups and plates
already on the table.

I realize then what it is Cassius summoned me for, and I relax a bit.

After serving breakfast so many times, I know exactly what's expected of
me.

When Virginia spots us, she waves at Cassius, but he only grumbles under
his breath.

CASSIUS: "Ugh...why is he here?"

I see the wolf's tail lash around in irritation before it settles as we get
closer to the pair.

CASSIUS: "Good morning, Virginia..."

CASSIUS: "...and Neferu."

Cassius's voice takes on a dismissive tone as he says the Jackal's name,
barely even nodding his head at him.

NEFERU: "Ahhotep be with you, Cassius. How are you this day?"

Cassius's tail lashes again, but only once.

CASSIUS: "Wonderful. Virginia, you didn't tell me we'd be having a guest."

Virginia raises a brow.

VIRGINIA: "I'm sorry, did you need a warning of some kind, Cassius?"

Cassius sits, leaning back in the chair as he keeps his gaze on Virginia.

CASSIUS: "I simply like to be prepared."

There's a moment of silence and Neferu, still smiling, looks back and forth
between the brother and sister.

NEFERU: "I'm sorry, am I causing an inconvenience?"

VIRGINIA: "No, Neferu. Cassius is simply being his usual, gloomy self."

Cassius's paws, which are clasped on the table, tighten their grip on each
other.

Virginia doesn't seem to notice though, and instead looks up at me.

VIRGINIA: "And you brought Marco?"

Cassius doesn't even look at me.

CASSIUS: "I'm borrowing him. My pet is doing diplomatic work in the city."

Virginia rolls her eyes.

VIRGINIA: "Really, Cassius, you can't manage to serve yourself even once?"

CASSIUS: "If I am to be emperor, I need to act like one...and please leave
    questioning me for another time. I don't want to be rude to our guest."

Cassius smiles at Neferu, though it looks forced.

Another moment of tense silence.

I take it as an opportunity to do my work.

MARCO: "Me...serve now?"

I almost snicker at my own caveman speech.

CASSIUS: "Yes, pet."

I go about serving him, picking up slices of baked and seasoned bread off
the platter before setting them on a smaller plate.

I set this in front of Cassius.

Then I pour some tea out of the heated pot into Cassius's cup before
finally stepping back, hands clasped together.

Luckily, Cassius and Virginia act like I'm not there, carrying on their
conversation.

Only Neferu seems to be constantly aware of my presence, occasionally
glancing at me.

CASSIUS: "Are you...enjoying your stay here, Neferu?"

Neferu snaps his gaze from me to Cassius.

NEFERU: "Oh yes, very much so. You've all been so hospitable to me. I thank
    you."

Cassius waves his paw.

CASSIUS: "It's the Wolven way, Neferu. No thanks are needed."

Another moment of silence stretches out before Virginia reaches for a
plate.

VIRGINIA: "Can I get you some pananem Neferu?"

But Neferu suddenly stands up.

NEFERU: "Actually, I should be on my way. I can tell that you intended to
    speak with your sister alone, Cassius. Good day, and good day to you,
    Marco."

I jump, but quickly duck my head in response.

Neferu then wanders off into the gardens, paws behind his back as he
disappears behind the bushes and flowers.

Cassius looks after him, his ears lowered, the insides slightly red.

CASSIUS: "He's rather blunt, isn't he?"

Virginia doesn't respond, and Cassius looks over to see that she's glaring
at him.

CASSIUS: "What?"

VIRGINIA: "He is our GUEST, Cassius. Start treating him like one."

CASSIUS: "Wh—I—hmph..."

Cassius sighs and looks away, pouting.

Virginia takes a sip of her tea before leaning back in her chair, letting
the silence drag on a bit before finally speaking.

VIRGINIA: "What is it, Cassius?"

CASSIUS: "What is what?"

VIRGINIA: "Why are you sulking more than the usual?"

Cassius sighs.

CASSIUS: "I am very busy, Virginia, and I freed up this portion of my day
    to have good conversation. I've barely spoken to you since you
    returned, and I wanted to ask about your trip."

Cassius takes a brisk sip from his cup.

CASSIUS: "It's difficult to speak intimately when others are around,
    especially those of a different species."

VIRGINIA: "Cassius, if you wanted to speak alone, you only had to ask. I
    was simply worried that Neferu is growing bored of the palace, so I
    invited him along."

Virginia grins.

VIRGINIA: "And you don't have to play emperor around me. I'm your sister.
    Lean back and relax a little bit."

Cassius sighs again, but doesn't lean back.

CASSIUS: "I must play the role I intend to fit even when the situation does
    not call for it."

VIRGINIA: "You think father was always like that?"

CASSIUS: "I don't know, he did not speak to me much."

VIRGINIA: "Well, he wasn't. You can relax around me, Cassius."

Cassius sighs and eats one of the crackers, leaning back into his chair
very slightly.

CASSIUS: "So how was Lux?"

VIRGINIA: "Oh, you know; riots and crime and complaints about a lack of
    funding."

CASSIUS: "Well, there is a lack of funding."

VIRGINIA: "There is a lack of funds, certainly, but not from us. You know
    the officials there are corrupt and take most of it."

CASSIUS: "That isn't the people's fault."

VIRGINIA: "No, but they should choose their politicians more carefully.
    They're electing officials based on how outrageous they can be. How
    does that result in a sound government?"

CASSIUS: "The people are frustrated and the sentiment is spreading
    throughout the empire. I've been telling you this for years."

VIRGINIA: "Certainly, we all know this. The question is how to fix it."

CASSIUS: "By getting rid of the triumvirates the people elect. If we ruled
    directly, the empire would become as sound as the palace we govern
    from."

VIRGINIA: "Mmmh, and you expect to do that easily?"

CASSIUS: "I expect it to be very, very difficult and it's something I
    intend to do very, very carefully. The people need direction, and
    electing chaotic triumvirates is their cry for help."

Virginia doesn't say anything, instead taking a very dainty sip of tea from
her cup.

Cassius clears his throat and sits up straight again.

CASSIUS: "Anyway...why did you decide to bring this Khemian back with you?
    You never explained it clearly in your letters."

VIRGINIA: "But I did. His accommodations in Lux were rather poor. Bringing
    him here and acquainting him with the imperial family seemed like the
    natural decision to me."

VIRGINIA: "You know he's the pharaoh's second son?"

CASSIUS: "Yes, but why was he in Lux and why didn't I know about it?"

Viginia shrugs.

VIRGINIA: "You can't expect to know about every diplomatic visit that there
    is. Anyway, he was touring the Siblings and was in Lux when the
    Depletion happened."

CASSIUS: "My question is why wouldn't the pharaoh send a ship immediately
    to retrieve his own son? Alex makes sense, being your typical diplomat,
    but the son of a pharaoh?"

VIRGINIA: "He chose to stay."

Cassius snorts.

CASSIUS: "And why would he do that?"

Virginia stares at Cassius for a moment, a frown on her face.

VIRGINIA: "Cassius, you know the reason as well as I do. Despite the
    absolute chaotic, bankrupt, Parent-less mess our empire is in, the
    Khemians are willing to ally with us. He's trying to help establish
    that."

CASSIUS: "They are taking advantage of us when we're at our weakest,
    Virginia. You know how I feel about this and that I have no plans for
    an alliance."

VIRGINIA: "I'm planning for all scenarios, Cassius, and as of now, you
    aren't guaranteed the emperorship."

Cassius doesn't say anything, staring at his empty plate.

Slowly, I walk up to the table and refill the plate.

Neither of the wolves look at me.

VIRGINIA: "We should be grateful the Khemians even want to speak to us.
    None of the other siblings wants to be associated with a race that
    seems to have been abandoned."

CASSIUS: "We don't know that yet."

VIRGINIA: "Well, they aren't speaking to us, are they? And they left us
    star-bound. If this is permanent, we may never be able to travel beyond
    the star system again."

That catches my attention.

Didn't Amicus tell me that when he becomes emperor he'd be able to take me
back?

They're acting like they won't have the Stretch Drive forever...

Cassius laughs.

CASSIUS: "Once we have a new emperor, they will give us guidance again.
    They stopped immediately after father's death. What other explanation
    could there be?"

VIRGINIA: "They didn't after grandfather's death."

Cassius waves his paw in the air.

CASSIUS: "Because father was in line for the throne without any challenge.
    The emperorship has not been in limbo like this in living memory. They
    are simply waiting for the empire to have firm leadership again before
    re- establishing contact."

Cassius snatches a cracker off of the plate I just refilled.

CASSIUS: "It has happened before, even if that was before Drusus. But even
    if we're not able to, I have no doubt that I can still lead this empire
    to prosperity."

VIRGINIA: "And how would we do that without the Stretch? We'd not be able
    to communicate with our children anymore."

CASSIUS: "If the Khemians learned the Stretch, then so can we. As for our
    children, abandon them. They've only been a burden anyway. "

Cassius glances at me and I quickly look down at the ground.

Virginia sighs loudly.

VIRGINIA: "Sometimes the things you say frighten me, Cassius."

CASSIUS: "Well, you know it would be less so if you were on my side,
    Virginia."

VIRGINIA: "I'm on no one's side, Cassius. It's my duty to serve the
    emperor, no matter who that might be."

CASSIUS: "You are on Amicus's side. It's clear as Vita."

VIRGINIA: "Preference does not matter in the end. I don't like Cato, yet I
    serve him."

Cassius's ears flatten and he looks around.

CASSIUS: "Lower your voice when you say such things, Virginia...and are you
    saying you dislike me like you do Cato?"

VIRGINIA: "Well of course not, but like I said, your ideas are extreme."

CASSIUS: "Radical ideas are needed for times like these. It's how I've
    gotten so far with the people."

VIRGINIA: "Well, just remember that you and Amicus are both my brothers,
    and I love you equally...just be civil when the decision is made."

AMICUS: "CASSIUS!"

We all jump as Amicus's voice seems to rattle the ivy on the pillars.

Cassius settles back in his seat, rolling his eyes.

CASSIUS: "What, Amicus?"

AMICUS: "What the hell are you doing with my pet!? Com says you have him!"

CASSIUS: "He wanted to serve me. How could I deny him?"

AMICUS: "Do not lie to me, Cassius. I told you never to talk to him!"

CASSIUS: "Are you going to yell at me or tell me where you are so I can
    send him back?"

AMICUS: "Where are you!? I'm going to come out there."

Cassius does look a little worried then.

CASSIUS: "Com, where is Amicus?"

COMPUTER: "The main hall, Cassius."

AMICUS: "I'm coming out!"

CASSIUS: "Pet, go back inside and do NOT tell him where we are."

Cassius shoos me away while Virginia just chuckles behind a paw.

I make my way back inside, though Amicus meets me right at the entrance.

He glares.

AMICUS: "What the hell does he think he's doing!? What did he make you do?"

Amicus sets a paw on my shoulder, looking me over.

MARCO: "Not much. I just served him while he talked to Virginia."

AMICUS: "Unbelievable."

Amicus makes as if to walk out into the gardens.

MARCO: "Where are you going?"

AMICUS: "Going to give Cass a piece of my mind. I SPECIFICALLY told him not
    to—"

I set a hand on his arm, stopping him.

MARCO: "Hey, it's fine."

AMICUS: "Is it? Because last I remember, he threatened to HIT you."

MARCO: "He didn't touch me at all. He ignored me the whole time."

Amicus looks out into the gardens, still clearly wanting to go out there.

MARCO: "Listen, I just want to get this dance practice done. I've been
    worried about it all week."

Amicus pauses, then sighs, turning back to walk into the palace.

AMICUS: "Fine, but when I let Cassius get away with things like this, he
    tends to push it even further the next time."

We walk in silence for a bit, our footsteps echoing like they always do in
the marble halls.

MARCO: "Are you alright?"

AMICUS: "I'm fine, why?"

MARCO: "Well, you seem a little grumpy?"

AMICUS: "It was just a long day in the city. Unlike Cassius, speeches don't
    come naturally to me. Something I just need to get used to."

I walk alongside the wolf, feeling his furry arm brush up against mine.

MARCO: "So...when do I get to go to the city?"

The wolf tilts his muzzle down at me in surprise.

AMICUS: "Oh? You want to go?"

MARCO: "Well yeah. Didn't you say I could? It's kind of getting boring
    here."

AMICUS: "Well, I'd say once the first trial is done. You'd be introduced to
    the public by then, so everyone will know who you are when we go."

MARCO: "Can I plan on that, then?"

AMICUS: "Of course! I'm just surprised that you want to see the city so
    badly!"

MARCO: "Well, looking at it from the balcony all the time has me curious."

AMICUS: "Heh, well visually it's not all that impressive; there are cities
    out there with larger structures and attractions. Adastra is mostly a
    city for imperial officers and their families. Still, we could find
    some entertainment, I'm sure."

MARCO: "As long as it isn't like the films I've seen on your TV."

AMICUS: "Well, it would be live entertainment, but it would be somewhat
    similar...Actually, if you don't like that, then you may not like the
    dance I'm about to show you."

I realize then that we're walking in a new direction in the palace, down a
hall I haven't been through since Alex gave me the palace tour.

MARCO: "Where are we going?"

AMICUS: "The throne room! Should be empty right now. It's where we'll be
    performing!"

I feel myself getting a little nervous as we approach a large set of double
doors.

Amicus presses his paw to the black panel and they slide open.

Inside, I'm greeted by the largest room in the palace that I've seen yet.

I look up the glistening walls, craning my neck to see the ceiling arch
dozens of meters above us.

Afternoon light filters through the windows, lighting up the place in a
warm, orange glow.

MARCO: "Wow."

AMICUS: "You like it?"

MARCO: "Yeah."

I look at the throne, framed by pillars and crystals that appear to be
levitating.

The crystals look similar to other structures in the palace that are used
mainly for a light source.

It's just that these ones are a lot bigger.

Amicus walks into the center of the room, our footsteps sounding much more
cavernous here.

AMICUS: "We actually don't use it very often. It's more for tradition."

MARCO: "So you won't sit on the throne all day yelling at people?"

AMICUS: "Sadly, no. I can only remember a handful of times that father sat
    in it."

I look around a bit, spinning in a slow circle.

When I see Amicus again, he's quiet.

His arms are folded as he stares at the throne.

The look on his face tells me that he's deep in thought.

I clear my throat.

MARCO: "Um, so did you want to show me the dance?"

AMICUS: "Oh, right."

Amicus walks toward me until he's standing just a few feet away.

He sighs, then frowns, his ears down.

MARCO: "What?"

AMICUS: "Erm..."

I wait, but he doesn't say anything.

MARCO: "What?"

I say it a little more loudly, feeling nervous.

AMICUS: "Well..."

MARCO: "Seriously, you're stressing me out."

AMICUS: "Alright, listen. The role you'll be playing might seem a bit
    strange to you."

MARCO: "Role? What do you mean by that?"

Amicus takes a deep breath, as if only now realizing what our practice
session is going to involve.

AMICUS: "The dance we'll be doing is titled Meera, and it will involve
    things that you might find objectionable."

MARCO: "Objectionable?"

AMICUS: "Alright...let me try to explain this correctly. Basically, we will
    be playing the roles of Drusus and Meera, an emperor and his lover."

MARCO: "Wait...so this is like a play, or a musical? I'm playing a
    character?"

AMICUS: "Well of course, it's a dance."

MARCO: "Well, I guess, but you never told me that I'd also be acting."

AMICUS: "Isn't acting part of dancing? What's the point of dance if you're
    not telling a story?"

I cover my face with my hands, rubbing it in frustration.

MARCO: "Listen, quit saying these things to me like I should just know it.
    We're from different worlds; of course things aren't the same on
    Earth."

AMICUS: "Ah yes, you're right. I'm sorry. I'm just...you're so much like a
    wolf that I forget."

MARCO: "It's fine, but what is it that I'd find objectionable?"

I remember his description of the dance included the word "lover".

MARCO: "Wait, what sort of things am I gonna have to do with you?"

The look on Amicus's face worries me.

I feel myself getting angry, realizing now why Amicus had put this off for
so long.

I glare at him.

AMICUS: "Nothing too explicit! But...there's caressing and...and a kiss at
    the end."

MARCO: "Oh my god."

I let my head drop, closing my eyes.

AMICUS: "I'm sorry! I just...I don't make up the dances or the rules, it's
    simply tradition."

I let the silence drag out, letting Amicus squirm.

But weirdly enough, I'm not as angry as I thought I'd be.

Knowing Amicus for the two weeks I've been here, I guess I kind of just
expect it from him.

Still, he's been nothing but respectful to me over the past few weeks, and
if it means I can go home...

MARCO: "Is that it? You caress me a little and...kiss me at the end?"

AMICUS: "For the most part, yes...and you're playing the role of a female,
    so you must dress a certain way."

MARCO: "Are you kidding me?"

I feel my face flush red, something that Amicus has told me is kind of
unnerving to see for someone covered in fur.

MARCO: "Why do *I* have to do it then? Go get a female dancer, or
    something. A professional would do this way better than me!"

AMICUS: "That's not the point of the trial. Me teaching you is part of
    it...and it's simply the role of the pet to do so."

MARCO: "You should have told me this last week, Amicus."

Amicus doesn't seem to have an answer for that besides a mumbled "sorry".

We stand there in awkward silence for a little while longer before Amicus
squares his shoulders.

AMICUS: "Listen, I will not force you to do anything you don't want to,
    that I promise..."

MARCO: "But?"

AMICUS: "But doing this dance convincingly is needed for us to win."

I sigh loudly.

MARCO: "Who's even judging this?"

AMICUS: "Cato and triumvirates from the five other major cities."

MARCO: "Triumvirates?"

AMICUS: "Groups of three that govern the cities."

MARCO: "So why do you even have to know music or dance to become an emperor
    anyway?"

AMICUS: "Well, the more well-rounded the wolf, the better he is for the
    emperorship. An emperor that can fight just as well as he can dance
    shows good character!"

MARCO: "Alright...fine. Just show me the dance."

Amicus lets out one of those relieved sighs that he seems to have reserved
just for me.

AMICUS: "Thank you. Again, I'm sorry. I was just so busy with official
    business and everything else...I didn't know how to approach you about
    this."

MARCO: "Well next time just tell me. I'm honestly more annoyed that you
    waited so long. Isn't the trial in a few days?"

AMICUS: "Three days."

MARCO: "Great."

AMICUS: "But it's a simple dance! You'll be able to learn it in a few
    hours, then we can practice tomorrow too."

MARCO: "Alright."

I look around.

MARCO: "So do we have music, or something?"

AMICUS: "Uhh, no, we don't need music, do we?"

MARCO: "I mean, I guess not. On Earth, we usually dance to music...without
    having to tell a story."

AMICUS: "Oh really? So you just dance for no reason?"

MARCO: "Kind of. We usually dance to have fun."

AMICUS: "So why do you need music?"

I think.

It's such a basic thing, but I've never had to explain it to anyone before,
so I find myself trying to figure out the right way to go about it.

MARCO: "Well, we need a beat, or a rhythm to dance to. I mean, not always,
    but usually we move to an even spaced beat."

Amicus absorbs that for a second, then chuckles.

AMICUS: "Hehe."

MARCO: "What?"

AMICUS: "It's such a primate thing to do, to bang sticks and rocks
    together. You love your rhythms. It just sounds so...um...interesting.
    "

I frown, immediately picking up on the condescension.

MARCO: "You mean primitive?"

AMICUS: "No! Just...different."

I sigh, letting it go for now.

At least he's trying, I guess.

AMICUS: "Anyway, we're going to have an orator narrate the story for us.
    It's a combination of speaking and singing. I'll do that for now,
    though...well, not the singing. I'll just speak."

I stand there waiting, and Amicus coughs awkwardly.

AMICUS: "Anyway—"

Amicus reaches out a paw and I take it after a short pause.

Slowly, he draws me closer to himself, to the point that I can smell the
lavender and floral mouthwash on his breath.

AMICUS: "I'm going to lead you through the movements first while narrating,
    then we'll start from the beginning again, alright?"

I nod in agreement, and with that, Amicus starts to narrate the story.

AMICUS: "Ten thousand years ago, our empire was small, shriveled, and
    parent-less. We abandoned them, and were left to drift through the
    galaxy alone."

Amicus turns me away from him to face the throne, his paw on my shoulder.

AMICUS: "Then Drusus, our dear emperor, came along and made a proposition—"

Amicus steps forward lightly, on his toes, gesturing broadly with his paw.

AMICUS: "Let us reconnect with our parent, and through them, the rest of
    the universe...But it was not so easy. The siblings, long tired of
    Wolven hubris, were reluctant to know them again."

I stand there awkwardly, watching Amicus move around me in a sort of
interpretive dance, mostly involving prancing and big gestures with his
paws.

AMICUS: "That was until he met Meera, a Hindo sibling."

Amicus turns to me then, stretching out a paw again, this time flat, like
he's telling me to stop.

AMICUS: "Alright, so just reach out the same way and press your paw to
    mine."

I do as he asks, watching as his massive paw almost seems to envelop mine.

He slowly pushes my hand upward, drawing me closer as he does.

AMICUS: "And before they could help it, they'd fallen in love—"

The story goes on for a while, Amicus teaching me the steps and hand
movements as it does.

The process is slow and tedious, but Amicus is patient with me and tells me
that it's not the choreography that's necessarily important, but rather the
feeling and passion we put into the movements.

The story describes Meera and Drusus's relationship, evolving from one of
official, diplomatic business to true love.

But it doesn't last long because Meera becomes sick from an unspecified
illness and is about to die.

The parents offer Drusus two options; save Meera, or save his empire and
promise his people prosperity for the next ten thousand years.

Drusus wants to choose Meera, even if it means damning his empire for
millennia.

At this point in the story, Amicus draws me in to his chest, my back
pressed to his front as he holds me close, his voice rumbling in his chest.

Then the story takes a sudden turn; Meera denies Drusus his own decision,
instead taking her own life so that his empire might survive.

Here, I'm supposed to put the back of my hand to my head, like I'm an old-
timey woman in a corset passing out.

Amicus carefully lowers me to the ground, laying me flat on my back.

AMICUS: "And so it was that another sibling saved our empire. Drusus was
    forced into his one remaining choice, which was no longer a choice—"

Amicus stands slowly, raising a paw to the sky, pointing.

AMICUS: "'To the stars', he said. We are now Adastra."

Amicus holds the pose for a moment, then looks down at me.

MARCO: "Is...that it?"

AMICUS: "Yes."

I sit up and Amicus reaches down to help me to my feet.

AMICUS: "Wasn't so bad, was it?"

MARCO: "Well, no not really. As long as it doesn't matter if I don't do all
    the steps right."

AMICUS: "No, you just need to have a general idea of it. Remember, it's the
    feeling you need to get right, the tragedy of it all."

MARCO: "So is that story true? Seems like a weird choice to give
    someone...and he made a really stupid decision. He basically killed
    Meera."

Amicus shrugs.

AMICUS: "It's mostly just a dramatic story, but Drusus was a real person,
    and so was Meera. She did take her own life, but we don't really know
    why, or the extent of their relationship."

MARCO: "Hm, and what about the kiss? You said the dance would involve
    that?"

AMICUS: "Uh, thought we should leave that for the actual performance. I
    assume you don't want me kissing you over and over?"

MARCO: "Yeah, that's probably for the best."

AMICUS: "Anyway, let's do it a few more times and get you into the feel of
    it before we focus on the acting portion tomorrow."

For the next few hours ,we go through the steps over and over.

By the end, we're both kind of sweaty, being so close to each other while
Vita shines in on us.

AMICUS: "Alright...why don't we take a break."

MARCO: "Sure."

AMICUS: "Would you like to go to the communal bath?"

MARCO: "Where everyone takes a bath together?"

For the first time, I can really smell the musk coming off of Amicus.

It's not bad, but mixed with the lavender smell, it's a little bit strange.

AMICUS: "Well, more to have a hot soak to ease the tension in the muscles.
    Don't worry; you can keep your underwear on if you'd prefer!"

MARCO: "Oh...okay."

AMICUS: "Great!"

Amicus leads the way out of the throne room and back into the marble halls.

The cooler air hits my sweaty skin and I realize that I probably don't
smell so great either.

The perfume the wolves use isn't all that strong.

I adjust my robe, not liking the way the fabric sticks to my skin.

Actually, all this dancing has me wishing I had jeans back.

The dance positions had me feeling like it was hitching up and exposing my
underwear.

MARCO: "Can I wear pants when we do the dance?"

AMICUS: "Pants? Why?"

MARCO: "I dunno, I guess it's just easier to move around in them."

AMICUS: "Ah, well, you'll be wearing a Hindo costume which are also rather
    billowy...sorry."

Billowy...

MARCO: "Why do you wear pants anyway? No one else does."

AMICUS: "Ah well, they've been coming into fashion over the last few years.
    I thought wearing a pair would endear the people to me."

MARCO: "You want them to think you're hip?"

AMICUS: "Well, I want them to believe that I'm forward-thinking. Everyone
    else in the palace has this aura of traditionalism which is not
    something I'm aiming for."

Amicus adjusts his pants near the crotch.

AMICUS: "I've grown to prefer them over the robe, but...in situations that
    involve a lot of sweating, it can grow a bit uncomfortable under the
    leather."

Amicus stops by a door that I'd never noticed before, much smaller than the
entrance to the throne room.

He presses his paw to another black panel, the door sliding open.

I'm immediately hit by a wall of humid warmth, steam wafting out through
the open door.

I follow the wolf inside, my skin immediately growing sticky and hot,
making me wish that it was a swimming pool instead of what I assume is a
giant hot tub.

if nudity == True:

    The wolf starts to strip off his clothing.

    AMICUS: "Ahh, I've been needing this all day. Also, excuse my nudity,
        but the water isn't kind to clothing, otherwise I'd keep the
        underwear on."

    I shrug.

    MARCO: "It's not like I haven't seen it before."

    AMICUS: "Right."

    The wolf lays his clothing down on one of the benches, his nude, sweaty
    form obscured slightly by the steam.

    He stretches, arching his back, his thick body thinning out a bit as he
    does.

    His dick also sticks out quite a bit, and even though I might have seen
    it before, the shameless display is a bit much and I have to look away
    while I slowly strip off my own robe.

    AMICUS: "You're joining me, yes?"

    MARCO: "Yeah."

    AMICUS: "Good, I think you'll really enjoy this. It's very hot, but you
        get used to it."

else:

    The wolf starts to strip off his clothing.

    I think about looking away, but...I realize this is something I should
    get used to.

    If I'm going to be here much longer I don't want to be like Alex,
    turning my head in surprise every two hours when a wolf gets naked.

    So, I grit my teeth and don't bother to turn my head away.

    AMICUS: "Oh! You're looking."

    MARCO: "Yeah...might as well get used to it, right?"

    I very pointedly keep my eyes on Amicus's face, even though I can see
    the black length between his legs.

    AMICUS: "Well...I suppose that's a good idea."

    The wolf seems slightly embarrassed which is funny since he's used his
    nudity to tease me several times.

    AMICUS: "You're joining me, yes?"

    MARCO: "Yeah."

    AMICUS: "Good, I think you'll really enjoy this. It's very hot, but you
        get used to it."

Amicus walks up to the edge of the pool.

AMICUS: "There are two methods; either get in slowly, or all at once."

And with that, the wolf jumps into the pool, practically cannonballing into
the center and sending up a huge wave that washes over the sides.

The water that creeps up onto my feet is hot enough to make me flinch.

Amicus comes back up, his fur plastered to his face as he gasps and lets
out a strained yell that makes it sound like he's in pain.

AMICUS: "Ahhhh! Ow ow ow ow ow!"

MARCO: "Are you alright?"

I walk up to the edge, feeling the hot water under my feet.

AMICUS: "Fine, fine, just getting used to it....aaand now I am."

Amicus grins up at me.

I stand there in my underwear, frowning down at the water.

AMICUS: "Come in! It feels good!"

MARCO: "That didn't look like it felt good."

AMICUS: "Quit being such a flower and get in! It's only the first few
    seconds that are painful."

Flower, the main insult used by the wolves when attacking someone's
masculinity.

MARCO: "Well, I guess you do have a really low pain tolerance, so..."

I start to dip a toe in.

AMICUS: "Hey!"

Amicus glares up at me, then grins, and I know that look well by now.

MARCO: "Hey, don't!"

The wolf glides up to the edge of the pool with only half of his muzzle
sticking up from the water, like an ominous, furry shark fin.

I start to move back, but that's when Amicus suddenly rises out of the
water, stepping onto an underwater bench along the edge of the pool that I
hadn't seen.

He wraps his arms around me, his hot, fur-plastered body squeezing against
me for a moment, then squeezing even harder as he physically lifts me off
the ground and falls back into he pool.

I only have a moment to try and fight the wolf off, uselessly pushing at
his bulk before I'm plunged into the steaming-hot water.

For a moment I wonder if I'm going to boil alive, but as soon as Amicus
lets me go and my head breaks through the surface, I can already feel the
sting wearing off into a pleasant warmth.

I cough a few times, making a face at the salty-tasting water, spitting it
out.

AMICUS: "Hahahaha! See? Not so bad if you do it all at once."

I spit out more water.

AMICUS: "Ah, bad taste? Don't worry, it's just the minerals in the water—"

I shove a wave of water into Amicus's face, sending it right into his open
mouth.

He coughs and spits, choking on the water I'd just forcibly slammed down
his throat.

AMICUS: "Blegh! You ass!"

The wolf paws the water out of his eyes, looking ready to try and splash me
as well.

He sees me also at the ready though, hands up to my chest and ready to send
another wave into his face.

AMICUS: "Well...that's enough roughhousing, I guess. Stuff like that is
    best left for the lake."

MARCO: "Hey, you started it."

Amicus ignores me, instead moving to sit on the underwater bench.

I do the same, sitting a foot away from the wolf, enveloping my face in the
steam that rises off the water.

AMICUS: "Doesn't this feel good?"

Now that I'm actually paying attention to the sensation of the water, I
have to agree.

The heat seems to seep through my skin and into the muscle, sending a
pleasant shiver up my spine even though I'm completely warm.

MARCO: "Yeah."

AMICUS: "I need to do this more often. All of this official business
    nonsense is starting to weigh on my mental capacities."

MARCO: "Is it really nonsense?"

AMICUS: "For the most part, it really is. So much useless etiquette and
    protocol. Sometimes, I completely understand what it is Cassius
    dislikes about the current way of things."

MARCO: "What way of things?"

AMICUS: "Oh, just the way politics work; never saying what we're actually
    thinking, using coded language. It slows things down...but I know that
    there's a reason for it. Keeps things civil and peaceful...mostly."

MARCO: "And Cassius would do away with that?"

AMICUS: "He would do away with many things, current political protocol
    being one of them. It's one of the main reason's he's so popular."

MARCO: "Well...you seem to kind of agree with it. Getting things done
    without all of that 'official business nonsense' in the way could be a
    good thing."

AMICUS: "Hmmm..."

Amicus sinks lower into the water until it's up to his neck.

AMICUS: "Remember the story I just told you about Drusus and Meera?"

MARCO: "Yeah."

AMICUS: "Well, whether that story is true or not, he was the one that
    started the way we do things to this day. Before him...well, we had a
    string of populist emperors, and the results were not great from what
    I've read."

AMICUS: "Honestly, I completely understand what it is that makes Cassius
    appealing to the people, and it's something that I sometimes want to do
    myself. The only thing holding me back is history."

AMICUS: "Time and time again, whenever a leader like Cassius has come
    around, it only results in a weak, isolated empire."

MARCO: "Well...from what little I've heard, isn't that how it is now?"

AMICUS: "Well...yes, but that's because we've never fully transitioned into
    an outward-looking and outreaching empire. Drusus started it, but it's
    taken us 10,000 years to get here. It was much worse back then, and
    that's what Cassius wants to go back to."

AMICUS: "I intend to take some of the final steps so that we may join the
    other siblings on the journey to parenthood."

MARCO: "Oh, so that's the goal for everyone? To become a parent?"

AMICUS: "Yes, and to continue the spread of our culture beyond the galaxy."

MARCO: "So what makes you a parent?"

AMICUS: "When we can travel to other galaxies in a practical manner."

MARCO: "Oh, so why not just use the Stretch Drive for that?"

AMICUS: "It is not possible to harness enough power to use the Stretch
    Drive for such distances. The parents have a different method...but
    they haven't told us how, obviously."

MARCO: "Hm, so are you close to doing it?"

AMICUS: "To intergalactic travel? No."

MARCO: "Is anyone?"

AMICUS: "Well...there are rumors that the Khemians are on the verge of it.
    It wouldn't surprise me. It's assumed that they already know how to use
    their own Stretch Drive."

This talk about the Stretch Drive reminds me of something.

MARCO: "Soooo, when I was out serving Cassius—"

Amicus growls softly in his throat as I remind him.

MARCO: "Well, they were talking about stuff, about the Stretch Drive
    depletion, or whatever."

AMICUS: "Oh?"

MARCO: "Yeah, so...apparently no one knows why your Parent stopped talking
    to you guys? And Virginia was saying that you might never leave the
    star system again?"

AMICUS: "Oh..."

I frown at him.

AMICUS: "Well that was rather presumptuous of her."

MARCO: "Is it true?"

AMICUS: "Well, no. I mean sure, it doesn't happen often, but they stopped
    immediately after father's death. There's no other explanation than
    that our Parent knew that there would be issues with the emperorship."

AMICUS: "The Stretch and contact with our Parent will be re-established
    once I become emperor. I promise you that, Marco."

Amicus says it with his usual confidence, but that doesn't settle the
anxiety in my stomach.

I sigh in frustration, closing my eyes.

MARCO: "Why is everything so complicated with you?"

AMICUS: "What do you mean?"

MARCO: "If you'd just tell me the actual truth about everything that's
    going on, I wouldn't feel like I'm being hit over the head with
    something new every other day."

AMICUS: "Marco, stop worrying. I know things seem unsure, but it's only
    because of the precarious position our empire is in right now. Once I
    become emperor, things will settle and we will figure out how to get
    you home."

Amicus sets a paw on my shoulder and I turn to look at him, my expression
probably still gloomy.

AMICUS: "I *will* get you home, Marco. That I promise. And even if the
    Stretch isn't immediately restored, I will find a way...even if it
    means making some sort of deal with another sibling...like the
    Khemians."

Amicus frowns at his last statement.

Still, that does set me at ease, and I place a hand on his paw.

MARCO: "Thanks, Amicus."

Amicus's very serious mood dissipates and his ears come up as he smiles.

AMICUS: "So you're feeling relaxed again? That is why we're here, you
    know."

I smile.

MARCO: "Yeah, I guess so."

AMICUS: "Good!"

We fall into a bit of a silence then, and I lean my head back against the
ledge of the pool, letting the warmth take over my body.

It makes me feel heavy and tired, but good.

My head slips off the ledge a few times as I doze off a bit, each time
waking up before my head can go into the water.

Amicus notices the third time this happens.

AMICUS: "Sleepy?"

MARCO: "A little."

AMICUS: "Lean against me so that you don't make the bottom of the pool your
    new bed."

I hesitate.

AMICUS: "Don't worry. We already share the same bed."

Amicus stretches an arm out over the ledge behind my head, not even looking
at me as he does.

I get the weird feeling that I'm in a movie theater and my date just tried
to casually rest his arm on the back of my chair.

But my head feels even heavier than the rest of my body, so I give in,
letting it rest against Amicus's massive bicep and shoulder.

I close my eyes, but then crack them open just a bit to look at Amicus.

He seems to be trying to stifle a smile.

We've had a few moments like these.

At this point, I'm not sure if it's because he likes me, or because he sees
me as some sort of actual pet, like a cat curling up in your lap.

I don't have much time to give it much though, because I start to fall
asleep again.

I'm not sure how long I'm asleep, seconds or minutes, but that's when I
hear the door open.

It's not a loud sound, but Amicus jumps which makes me jump.

We both look toward the door.

Neferu stands there, his eyes on us, that same smile on his face.

NEFERU: "Oh, imagine running into you again today!"

Again, Neferu talks directly to me.

Without waiting for an answer, he strides in, paws busily tugging at his
loincloth.

NEFERU: "I'm sorry; I've come to the baths every day for the past week, but
    I've never encountered anyone."

He strips off his loincloth, now only in his undergarments.

NEFERU: "I was beginning to think it was never put to use."

He starts to unwrap said undergarments.

NEFERU: "I found that strange considering how incredibly relaxing the water
    is. It's such a great way to clear the mind and meditate."

He unwraps his underwear, the cloth tied in a way that looked much more
complicated than my own.

NEFERU: "Not that I mind. I always enjoy good company and conversation."

I have just enough time to notice the anatomical differences between Amicus
and Neferu before I look away, feeling awkward staring at someone I barely
know in the nude.

I'm not sure who he's talking to either, whether he's moved on from me to
Amicus, or if he's still exclusively zeroed in on me.

Either way, Amicus answers while I stare at the steamy water.

AMICUS: "Erm...I see. I also enjoy the baths. It's just that we tend to be
    so busy these days."

NEFERU: "Oh, I imagine."

Neferu's voice gets closer behind me as he speaks, his soft footsteps
barely audible.

NEFERU: "Being adrift without an emperor can really hamper an empire."

At this point, it sounds like Neferu is standing just over me, and I can
only imagine what else is just over me.

Amicus is craning his neck, looking up at the jackal.

AMICUS: "Well, we DO have an emperor, just not the official one...yet."

NEFERU: "Indeed."

I hear a soft splash next to me, and out of the corner of my eye, I see one
of the jackal's legs dip into the water to stand on the bench, followed by
the other.

NEFERU: "Ahh...that's nice. I took a rather long walk in the gardens today.
    It's left my paws rather sore. This is a welcome reprieve."

AMICUS: "Mmh."

Amicus grunts next to me, then actually pulls me in a bit with his arm.

Neferu then gently hops off the bench to submerge himself up to his neck.

He lets out a soft, drawn out sigh, his eyes closed before he pulls himself
up onto the bench...right next to me.

Amicus lets out a sigh of his own, though this one is much shorter and very
annoyed-sounding.

NEFERU: "We don't have baths like this in our palace. I might request one
    though, once I return home."

AMICUS: "Mmh..."

Again, Amicus barely responds, letting out a half-hearted grunt.

At this point, the wolf has his arm completely around me, practically
pulling me into his chest.

It's awkward, and we sit like that for a while, maybe about five minutes
before Neferu finally speaks again.

NEFERU: "So...how long have you been here, Marco?"

I give a start, then look up at Amicus.

One of his eyes twitch, but he gives me a short nod.

MARCO: "Er...two...week."

Again, I have to hold my breath to stop myself from laughing at my caveman
speak.

For some reason, it's incredibly hilarious even when the situation is
totally serious.

NEFERU: "Hm...so you need permission to speak to me? I did not know that
    you were so strict with your slaves, Amicus."

Amicus coughs in surprise.

AMICUS: "He's my pet, not a slave."

NEFERU: "Oh? Maybe it's a Lingua issue, but from what I've seen, there's
    very little difference. You do enslave your children after all, no?"

Amicus is quiet for a moment, and I look back up at him to see him staring
at the jackal, his mouth open.

NEFERU: "Are you alright?"

AMICUS: "Excuse me, but I'm finding your questions a bit pointed."

NEFERU: "Oh, I'm sorry. I've been told our way of speaking can be a bit
    blunt by your standards. But consider that the topic of slavery is
    simply always pointed."

AMICUS: "Well, why don't we move to a less pointed topic, then?"

NEFERU: "Of course! So, Marco, what is your species? I must say that I've
    never seen your kind before."

Amicus's arm tightens around my shoulder again, but he doesn't say
anything, staring straight ahead at the other side of the pool.

MARCO: "Uh...Simian..."

Neferu chuckles next to me.

NEFERU: "You know, you don't have to speak in such a simple way to me. I
    already know that you can converse well enough."

I stiffen up, but Amicus jumps in for me.

AMICUS: "What are you talking about, jackal?"

NEFERU: "Oh, are we already jumping to informal language? Well, I'm simply
    referring to his intelligence, *wolf*. I'm confused as to why he's
    downplaying it for me."

AMICUS: "Well, I don't know how you know anything about him. Come Marco,
    let's head back to my room."

Amicus stands and pulls me up, but Neferu stands with us, reaching out for
one of the white towels.

NEFERU: "That is why I'm trying to make conversation with him, but if he
    needs your permission to do anything, including speak, then maybe I
    should leave your slave alone?"

Amicus turns on the Khemian, not bothering to hide his anger anymore.

AMICUS: "He is NOT a slave. Please refrain from calling him as such."

NEFERU: "If he isn't, then he should be able to speak freely."

AMICUS: "He is able to speak freely, jackal."

NEFERU: "Then I have to wonder why he asks your permission AND stupefies
    his speech. It's all a bit odd, isn't it?"

AMICUS: "Again, I don't know how you know anything about him."

NEFERU: "Alex told me."

The jackal grins and I note that he's using Alex's shortened name.

Amicus stares in surprise.

NEFERU: "So don't worry, Marco, you can speak without worrying about what I
    might learn."

Neferu sets a paw on my shoulder, and Amicus's hackles raise.

Gently but firmly, he reaches out to move Neferu's paw off my shoulder.

AMICUS: "Please, do not touch my pet."

NEFERU: "Oh...so he needs permission to be touched as well?"

Amicus steps sideways, partially blocking me from the jackal's view.

AMICUS: "What is your concern with him, Neferu?"

NEFERU: "I'm simply interested in intelligent species that I've never seen
    before, and well—"

Neferu reaches out over Amicus's shoulder, touching my hair and rubbing it
between two finger pads, similar to what Amicus sometimes does.

NEFERU: "He is a fascinating lookin—ng!"

I start to move my head away, but before I know it, Amicus has Neferu
shoved up against the wall, one paw on his chest, glaring into his face.

AMICUS: "I said not to touch him."

His voice is low, almost too quiet for me to hear.

I want to jump in somehow, maybe push Amicus toward the door so we can just
leave and not cause an interstellar incident, but they're both so big and
intimidating...

NEFERU: "Oh right, sorry. I keep forgetting that he's not a slave with the
    way you treat him, needing your permission for everything."

AMICUS: "He doesn't."

I step forward then.

MARCO: "Well, you need *my* permission."

The statement just sort of slips out of my mouth, my irritation with the
jackal growing along with Amicus's.

Neferu's eyes widen for just a moment before his smile returns.

NEFERU: "Ah, so it is true...I knew I saw intelligence in those eyes."

Despite having a canine that's a good deal larger than him pinning him to
the wall, Neferu seems quite calm.

AMICUS: "You know nothing of the way I treat him. And please do not call
    him a slave again; it is an affront to his actual status."

NEFERU: "Again, my apologies."

He looks at me.

NEFERU: "May I touch you in a friendly manner in the future? A paw on the
    shoulder, an embrace even? Khemians are always physically intimate."

I stare at him.

MARCO: "...No."

Amicus snorts with satisfaction, blowing back some fur on Neferu's face.

AMICUS: "Now, kindly leave my pet alone in the future. He's very busy."

NEFERU: "Again, this language that implies that you own him. It's confusing
    to me."

Amicus growls, but Neferu doesn't seem to notice the warning.

NEFERU: "I suppose it's only natural for a slave-driving race such as your
    own. You believe you own everything and everyone lower on the
    hierarchy."

Amicus's eyes widen, nostrils flaring.

AMICUS: "WHAT!? I'll have you know that they are servants, and I do plan to
    change—nevermind, it is not your place to criticize my empire!"

Neferu seems to take some interest in what Amicus just said, pausing for
only a moment before speaking again.

NEFERU: "Your empire? Didn't you say someone else was acting as the
    emperor?"

AMICUS: "The empire belongs to all wolves, but I'll have you know that I
    WILL become the emperor, jackal, and keeping that in mind, you should
    learn to hold your tongue if you want to establish an alliance!"

NEFERU: "Ah, but does the empire belong to the 'servants' that mine your
    natural resources across the dozens of planets in our galaxy?"

AMICUS: "What is your issue with me? Or are you this rude to everyone you
    meet?"

The jackal is quiet and Amicus just growls at him, waiting for an answer.

That's when I realize that Neferu isn't even looking at Amicus's face, he's
looking at...

And now that I'm looking at *it*, I realize that it's looking a bit bigger
than usual.

NEFERU: "You know, I heard rumors that the emperor's son was a tail-raiser,
    but honestly, I wasn't expecting you to use this moment as an
    opportunity. Did you simply want to get your paws on me?"

In one smooth, fluid motion, Neferu spins into Amicus, thumping his back
into the other canine's front, making the big wolf grunt and puff air into
the top of Neferu's head with an *oof* sound.

Neferu leans there against the wolf, holding onto his big paw while the
other comes up to tease at Amicus's chin.

Amicus looks surprised, but he doesn't do anything to push the jackal away.

Meanwhile, the jackal's rear pushes firmly up against Amicus's crotch...

Amicus seems frozen, staring down at the jackal.

From what little I learned about Adastran slang on the TV, Neferu had just
implied that Amicus is gay.

NEFERU: "If you were interested, you only had to ask. I know that Wolven
    ways of flirting are rather aggressive, and even though we jackals do
    things differently, I can adjust."

At that, Amicus glares and roughly pushes Neferu away, sending the jackal
to stumble against the wall.

He turns around swiftly, his grin still in place.

NEFERU: "Oh, did I get the wrong idea? I just assumed after you groped my
    chest and became excited."

Neferu gestures down at Amicus's crotch, the wolf's erect cock still waving
around a bit after the jackal had spun away.

Immediately, Amicus covers himself with both paws, glaring.

AMICUS: "I...did not! And you were the one to touch my pet without his
    permission!"

Amicus looks around for his underwear, snatching it up and beginning to tie
it on.

I quickly grab a towel and my robes, feeling completely confused as to what
the hell just happened.

NEFERU: "Again, I thought he was your slave. But you're right. I should
    have asked for his permission. His fur was simply mesmerizing, so I
    forgot myself for a moment."

Neferu turns to me and bows.

NEFERU: "Good day, Marco. I wish you luck in relieving your master's carnal
    desires."

Neferu gestures at the fumbling wolf as he tries to tie on his underwear
correctly.

NEFERU: "And to you, Amicus. Again, if you're interested, you only need to
    let me know."

AMICUS: "Are you joking with me—"

Neferu is already striding off, grabbing up his own underwear and loincloth
as he does, not even finished tying it on by the time he's walking out the
door.

We both stand there in silence for a bit, staring as the door slides shut.

Then Amicus grabs up the rest of his clothes with a growl, turning to me.

AMICUS: "You alright?"

MARCO: "Uh, yeah, of course. What—"

AMICUS: "Come on."

And then Amicus is walking off even faster than Neferu had.

I quickly follow, not bothering to put on my robe since I'm still pretty
wet.

We walk down the hall, Amicus muttering under his breath the whole time.

AMICUS: "Unbelievable, UNBELIEVABLE! How would he have the nerve...arrogant
    Khemian ass..."

As we make our way toward Amicus's room, I go over what just happened in my
head.

It seemed Neferu was making some kind of point about slavery, while at the
same time taking that strange interest in me.

On top of that, the obvious sexual tension between the two of them was
really odd, especially the way Amicus just stood there and let Neferu rub
up against him while he was clearly hard.

Is this just how these aliens hit on each other, with all that bizarre,
macho aggression?

If it is, then I don't like it, but that doesn't matter; I'm not here for
that kind of stuff anyway.

I just need to get home...

But at the same time, there's a little spark of jealousy in my chest at the
thought of Amicus being interested in Neferu.

I don't know why, but the way he'd treated me at the pool almost seemed
like flirting itself.

And then to immediately have eyes for Neferu...

As we walk into Amicus's room, I can't help myself—

MARCO: "So is that the Wolven way of flirting?"

I ask it casually, trying to act like I don't mind.

AMICUS: "What? Definitely not! That damned jackal was assuming quite a
    lot!"

MARCO: "I mean..."

I feel myself blush.

MARCO: "You were getting kinda hard while you had him pinned against the
    wall."

AMICUS: "I—"

MARCO: "I mean, I'm not offended or anything. I'm just curious about the
    culture, if that's how you guys go about things here."

Amicus sighs heavily.

AMICUS: "I suppose wolves have a reputation for being...aggressive when it
    comes to courting a mate, but those days are long gone. The jackal was
    simply relying on dated stereotypes."

MARCO: "Okay."

I adjust my robe a bit, the cold air of the room seeping through my still-
wet underwear.

MARCO: "Not to pry too much, but are you gay? Neferu seemed to imply that."

Amicus freezes, staring at me.

He doesn't seem to know what to tell me, like he's afraid of what my
reaction might be.

I remember then how stigmatized homosexuality is here.

Homophobic slurs are used a lot in the films I've seen, including "tail-
raiser" and "cock-licker".

It's weird because males seem to be pretty intimate with each other,
kissing and holding paws being common between close friends.

However, there are lines that aren't crossed, and ACTUALLY being gay was
looked down upon, which is what Neferu accused Amicus of being.

I quickly try to reassure him.

MARCO: "You know, it's a fairly accepted thing on Earth these days. And I
    have no issue with it. If you are, you can tell me."

Amicus goes on staring at me for a little while longer, then sighs.

AMICUS: "I...have a preference for males, yes."

He winces right after saying that.

MARCO: "Hey it's fine. Like I said, it's pretty well-accepted in a lot of
    places on Earth. But it explains why you were...getting hard in front
    of Neferu."

AMICUS: "I—Listen, it wasn't what I was intending when I first grabbed him.
    I was trying to defend you."

MARCO: "Ah...I see."

Amicus blushes all over again.

The wolf turns away and walks over to the sofa before slumping into it,
leaning his face into a paw, looking frustrated.

MARCO: "What's wrong?"

AMICUS: "Well, that jackal for one...and, I don't know. Are you disgusted
    with me now?"

MARCO: "Why would I be disgusted with you?"

AMICUS: "I don't know...you must see past incidences in a different light,
    like the massages and wrestling...and the dance. I promise those are
    truly pet duties, and I was only having a bit of fun at the
    amphitheater...and I only did what the dance called fo—"

I shake my head.

MARCO: "I think you've been really good about not taking advantage of me at
    all. It's fine."

Amicus looks at me, unsure.

AMICUS: "And you never have to do those things again if you don't want.
    I'll understand."

I raise a hand up.

MARCO: "Seriously, you're fine."

Amicus looks away, looking relieved but still ashamed.

AMICUS: "I'm sorry it's...it's just something that's followed me most of my
    life. I had an...incident happen several years back and it's created a
    lot of rumors about me. The people aren't very interested in having a
    tail- raiser as their emperor."

Amicus finally looks at me.

AMICUS: "So I try to keep it quiet so that it might be forgotten...thought
    it mostly was until the Khemian mentioned it."

Amicus growls.

AMICUS: "Anyway, I'm sorry. I suppose it was something I should have told
    you considering how close quarters we've been living."

The wolf looks so dejected, so sad...I decide that I should tell him.

MARCO: "You know, I'm gay too?"

Amicus snaps his gaze back to me, eyes wide.

AMICUS: "What?"

I feel my face turning red.

MARCO: "I'm the same. I like guys."

Amicus squints at me, like he can't quite believe what I just said.

AMICUS: "Are you...making fun of me?"

MARCO: "What? No! I'm telling you so you don't feel so bad about it. It's
    fine."

AMICUS: "Oh."

AMICUS: "That's quite the coincidence."

MARCO: "Yeah, it is."

AMICUS: "Well, uh, thank you for telling me. That isn't easy to do, at
    least it isn't for me."

MARCO: "I'm the same."

I slowly walk over and sit on the sofa next to the wolf, feeling strangely
awkward about our little coming out conversation.

Amicus still looks a bit uncomfortable, but at least he doesn't look sad
anymore.

MARCO: "Soooo, since we're talking about all of this...what was Neferu
    saying about me...helping you out with your dick. Is that a pet duty
    too?"

AMICUS: "Well, yes, yes it is. But again, I would never ask that of you."

MARCO: "Does Alex do that?"

Amicus pulls a face.

AMICUS: "While I'd rather not think of my brother in such a situation, yes,
    he does."

MARCO: "But...does that mean your brother's gay too?"

AMICUS: "No, well, not as far as I know. He doesn't have a preference for
    males. Isn't that what makes you a homosexual?"

I shrug.

MARCO: "So I'd just...give you a hand-job, or something?"

I can tell that the Lingua had no trouble translating that to Amicus,
because he immediately blushes again.

I squirm, wondering why I'm asking so much about this topic.

I'm curious and I already know that I'm attracted to this wolf.

I'd given up on denying it a while ago.

AMICUS: "It can involve a lot of things...I mean, if you want to do it, I
    have no objections...but it's your choice!"

Amicus sounds tentatively hopeful, and I realize that he actually wants it.

It seems that every day I go further and further with this wolf.

I laugh, partly at Amicus's expression, and partly because of the absurdity
of this entire situation.

MARCO: "How about if we win the dance trial...I'll think about it."

I'm speaking without thinking.

Amicus is quiet, then nods.

AMICUS: "Sounds fair."

I try to think of something else to talk about, still shocked at what I'd
just proposed.

MARCO: "So what's the deal with Neferu? Why'd he do all that stuff in the
    bath?"

AMICUS: "I honestly have no idea. It was very strange."

MARCO: "Hmm, do you think that's his way of furthering an alliance?"

AMICUS: "Not if he has any common sense. I thought he was going to be
    friendly considering he knows I'm open to the alliance, unlike
    Cassius."

I lean back on the sofa, thinking.

MARCO: "Hmm, maybe he was just feeling you out."

Amicus smirks at that.

AMICUS: "You could say that. Anyway, I don't know how to feel about him.
    I'm thinking of just telling him that I'm not interested in the
    alliance unless they send someone that has more tact."

Amicus glances at me.

AMICUS: "What do you think?"

Talk to him more.

    MARCO: "Well...I think if he's the only guy you have to establish the
        alliance with, you should try to work with him. I mean, this could
        be your best chance if you're willing to put up with him."

    AMICUS: "Hmmm..."

    MARCO: "And he seems to have the hots for you, so that'll probably help
        you, honestly."

    AMICUS: "Heh, maybe."

Reject him.

    MARCO: "Honestly, if that's what the Khemians send to foster an
        alliance, I have to wonder about them as a whole."

    AMICUS: "They are an arrogant people, as I've said."

    MARCO: "And maybe his intentions aren't all that great if that's how he
        treats his prospective allies."

    AMICUS: "Agreed."

MARCO: "But I dunno, I'm not a politician."

AMICUS: "But you are smart!"

MARCO: "Thanks."

AMICUS: "Anyway, I'm off to my shower."

The wolf stands up, and I do the same.

MARCO: "Do you need help?"

AMICUS: "Oh...really?"

MARCO: "Yeah."

I want to show him that things haven't changed, that I'm not scared of him
now that I know his secret.

He looked so devastated when he told me.

And even if Amicus was the one to get me into this mess, I know now that
he's a good person and doesn't deserve to feel like that.

MARCO: "I mean, I've seen your junk already, so no surprises there, right?"

AMICUS: "Heh, I suppose not...if you're sure."

MARCO: "I'm sure."

To decide things for the wolf, I walk into the shower.

Amicus isn't far behind.

To be continued...