I dream a lot the night before the first trial.

I can't remember most of it, but in the last bit I'm in the throne room,
surrounded by dozens of wolves who I assume they're the triumvirates.

Cato sits on the throne, watching over all of us, his chin on a fist.

Meanwhile, Amicus is in the center, doing some type of breakdance.

He's athletic and light on his feet before throwing off his cape and doing
a handstand.

Then he spins on his head for a while as the wolves around him cheer.

Even Cato claps reluctantly.

Meanwhile, Cassius has his paw to his mouth, realizing that he's been
beaten, his paper bones incapable of withstanding such incredible moves.

Then I wake up.

I open my eyes and see the dark outline of the ceiling above me, the lights
automatically coming on to a dim, yellow glow.

I hear Amicus's soft snoring next to me and look over, seeing that he's
flat on his back, mouth open and hugging one of his many pillows to his
chest.

I roll onto my back, feeling the anxiety of the upcoming trial return.

After a while, I whisper up at the ceiling.

MARCO: "Com, what time is it?"

Com whispers back.

COMPUTER: "Half-past the first hour."

So I have at least three hours left before I can get up and get ready.

I close my eyes to try and get more sleep.

It's hard though, mainly because my future could be determined today.

Amicus told me that we really only need to win this trial to win the whole
thing.

Because if we win tomorrow, that means that Cassius will at least have to
partake in the combat trial, if not outright lose if we win the second
trial.

And according to Amicus, Cassius has absolutely no chance in *pugnu*
combat, and he knows that.

While he might still participate in the second trial to save some face,
he'd have to withdraw for the third, otherwise face outright humiliation.

So if we win tomorrow, I'm almost guaranteed a way home...

The thought that this whole fiasco could be over soon brings mixed feelings
for me.

While I'm going to go home when I get the chance, I can't help but feel a
little sad at the idea of leaving Amicus and the palace.

We're good friends at this point, and the thought that I might just get
dropped off and never see him again...

I sigh and listen to the wolf's rhythmic snores, the sound so soft and
gentle that rather than keeping me awake, it starts to lull me back to
sleep...

And again, I find myself floating as that wide, vacuous conscience that
seems to bleed over the boundaries of any sort of individuality.

I don't panic this time.

I'm used to the feeling, knowing that it's just a dream, that it will pass.

I also sense that other presence above me, even wider than I am.

They've been following me around since I got on that ship.

Knowing that someone else is there calms me further, and I wait, wondering
if they'll talk to me again.

They do.

"I am still curious."

I try to talk back this time, ask them what they're curious about exactly,
but I don't have a mouth to speak with.

They seem to hear me though, and in response I sense gentle amusement mixed
with...

Fascination?

"Many, many things, but once again, I'm afraid I have to keep it short."

I wait expectantly.

"Do you feel that Amicus would be capable of his duties as emperor of
Adastra?"

Yes

    "Ah, how...interesting."

No

    ...

I don't know.

    "I see...perhaps you need more time. There is still much, much more to
    learn."

The presence above me starts to dissipate, and so do I.

I'm standing awkwardly in the bathroom while another wolf moves busily
around me, making short, clipped comments about my odd shape and tiny
stature.

He's the first wolf I've seen that isn't part of the imperial family, so I
keep trying not to stare at him while he turns my head left and right,
smudging a black substance on my face while he does.

Meanwhile, Amicus stands behind us, his face showing a mixture of amusement
and concern.

I raise an eyebrow at him through the mirror, but he just shrugs in
response.

OLD WOLF: "Do not move your...face, please."

I look straight ahead again, letting him smudge the black makeup on my
face, still trying not to stare.

He's hunched and droopy, wearing some type of monocle with flashing lights.

The lens sticks out every now and then with a mechanical droning sound as
he examines his work.

Also, I'm in a dress.

There's no getting around it; I'm in a blue, tight-fitting gown that's
covered in intricate, gold designs.

It's beautiful, no doubt, but I'm not really one for dresses, and I feel my
face heating up with embarrassment every time I look into the mirror.

So instead, I focus on staring at the wall or Amicus.

MARCO: "So why aren't *you* getting dressed up?"

OLD WOLF: "Do not speak, please."

AMICUS: "Me? Well, I'm already dressed the part of the emperor!"

Amicus fans out his cape with both paws.

I start to roll my eyes, but stop myself before the wolf can yell at me
again.

I realize that he's painting black stripes on my face, and it immediately
reminds me of tiger stripes.

After that's done, he does the same to the exposed parts of my arms.

OLD WOLF: "Remember not to touch or itch at your face. Also, keep your arms
    away from your body unless you want to ruin the fabric with powder."

The wolf finally steps back, giving a snort of approval before turning and
stuffing his equipment into his bag.

AMICUS: "Thank you."

OLD WOLF: "You're welcome."

And with that, the old wolf hurries out of the bathroom, leaving the two of
us alone.

I stand there a moment, staring at myself in the mirror, feeling like a
circus attraction.

MARCO: "I look...awful."

Amicus coughs and steps up quickly, resting a paw on my shoulder.

AMICUS: "You look very good, actually. Very elegant."

I look up at the wolf and see him smiling at me.

I don't know if he's just trying to make me feel better, but then again, I
suppose wolves don't really have any idea of what human beauty standards
are.

I look at the black stripes on my face.

MARCO: "Are these tiger stripes?"

Amicus raises his eyebrows.

AMICUS: "Yes, actually. You have tigers on Earth?"

MARCO: "Yeah...is this like, okay with them, not offensive? It looks like a
    joke."

AMICUS: "Offensive? Why would it be offensive? We're honoring Meera with
    this dance."

MARCO: "If you're sure..."

AMICUS: "Of course I'm sure! And you don't look like a joke, you look like
    a strong, beautiful, Hindo tigress."

I sigh again, still awkwardly holding my arms away from the dress, feeling
stiff.

MARCO: "When does this all start?"

AMICUS: "Well, for ME in about twenty minutes, but for you, another hour or
    so."

MARCO: "Alright, anything I should expect before it starts?"

AMICUS: "Not much, the triumvirates will be watching through video link, so
    only Cato will be there to judge."

MARCO: "Oh."

AMICUS: "Keep in mind that it will all be televised live to the rest of
    Adastra, so..."

Amicus sees the look on my face.

AMICUS: "Erm...maybe I shouldn't have told you that?"

MARCO: "ALL of Adastra? LIVE!?"

AMICUS: "Don't worry! No one will actually be there in person, so
    just...pretend, I guess."

MARCO: "Why DID you just tell me that?"

AMICUS: "Well, I had planned on you watching the first half of the trial in
    the dining room. You'll know how everything is going until it's your
    turn."

I swallow hard.

AMICUS: "I didn't mean to keep that from you, I just thought you might know
    this would be the case...the entire moon pays very close attention to
    these trials."

He's right, I guess I sort of did assume that would be the case, but now
that it's actually happening...

I feel like I'm gonna pass out.

Maybe I'll get lucky and it'll happen when Meera dies during the dance.

AMICUS: "Listen, you'll be fine. We'll win this and before you know it,
    I'll be emperor and our problems will be over."

Again, the idea of having my way home all but guaranteed in the next
hour...

It reminds me of the thoughts I'd had last night.

MARCO: "So, uh, when I do get home, is that gonna be the last time I'll see
    you?"

The corners of Amicus's mouth twitch down in a frown, but only for a moment
before he smiles again.

AMICUS: "Well, I suppose that's up to you. With unlimited access to the
    stretch, I might be able to make visits every now and then. Would you
    like that?"

I don't even have to think about it.

MARCO: "Yeah."

Amicus's smile widens.

AMICUS: "I would as well."

MARCO: "Yeah, I mean, you're my friend, and I'd wanna hear about the
    results of your empire."

But then Amicus's smile falters, then turns into a frown.

MARCO: "What?"

The wolf is quiet for a moment, then his ears flatten.

AMICUS: "I er...forgot the reason you're here in the first place."

For a moment, I don't know what he's talking about...then I do.

We're not even supposed to know each other exists.

This whole thing is against the law.

MARCO: "Oh...so I guess we wouldn't be able to do that, huh?"

Amicus bites his lip, then shakes his head.

AMICUS: "We'll figure it out, but now is not the time for that. We have a
    trial to win!"

Amicus turns to me and, after a little hesitation, pulls me into a quick
side hug, carefully avoiding the black powder on my arm.

AMICUS: "We'll talk more afterwards over a celebratory dinner, alright?"

The absolute confidence and reassurance in Amicus's voice calms me just a
little, and I manage a small smile.

MARCO: "Alright..."

AMICUS: "Good! And a, uh...little more celebration after that, if you get
    my meaning."

I had almost forgotten about THAT.

MARCO: "Amicus..."

AMICUS: "If you want, if you want..."

Amicus chuckles before his ears perk up, his personal Com talking to him in
a quiet, babbling sound.

AMICUS: "Alright, that's my cue. Head to the dining room if you'd like to
    watch. Otherwise, Com will tell you when to leave for the throne room,
    alright?"

I nod, and Amicus gives me one last pat on the shoulder before turning
away.

MARCO: "Um, good luck. I know you're gonna do great."

Amicus waves at me before walking out the door, leaving me alone to wait.

I move to the bed and sit down, carefully resting my arms out to the side,
wishing that they'd applied the makeup a little closer to the dance so I
didn't have to walk around like a scarecrow.

I realize pretty quickly that sitting here in silence is only making me
more nervous, so I slowly get up, making my way to the main hall.

As usual, the halls are empty.

The only people living here are the imperial siblings, Cato, and Neferu.

The old makeup wolf is the only other person that I've seen over the past
two and a half weeks that I've been here.

It makes me think that I still want to see the city before I leave...if I
leave.

I block that thought from my brain, trying not to think of what might
happen if these trials go poorly for us.

Instead, I try to let the bright sunshine and fresh morning air calm my
nerves.

Eventually, I make my way to the dining room and when I look in, I see Alex
sitting on one of the beds.

His ears perk up as he sees me, eyes widening in surprise.

ALEXIOS: "Oh! Hello, Marco...how are you?"

He stares at my face, then down at my costume.

I feel myself turning red and I desperately wish that I had stayed in
Amicus's room.

I'm able to swallow the embarrassment down for now, though.

I know Alex pretty well, after all.

MARCO: "Where's *your* costume?"

At this point I feel like I'm the only person being made to play dress up.

I sit down on the middle bed, not wanting to be directly across from the
cat where he'd have to stare at me.

ALEXIOS: "Er, should I be in one?"

I shrug.

MARCO: "I don't know, they put me in one, obviously."

ALEXIOS: "Obviously...and the powder, too."

I glare at Alex.

ALEXIOS: "I mean, you look good, very bold."

MARCO: "So why the hell aren't you dressed up as Meera? We're doing the
    same dance, right?"

ALEXIOS: "Well, yes, though Cassius instructed that I be in my underwear.
    Actually, I think I'd prefer your situation."

MARCO: "Sure."

ALEXIOS: "Seriously! You think I want all of Adastra to see my naked
    torso?"

Alex hugs himself, shuddering.

ALEXIOS: "It's so embarrassing."

I sigh and sit back on the bed, only now noticing that Cassius is on the
screen, playing some sort of brass instrument that looks to be vaguely in
the shape of a French horn.

It sounds nothing like one, though.

The volume is low, but I can hear the raspy, sputtering sound it's making.

Not pleasant to my ear, but then the idea of what music and dance is seems
to very different from Earth.

MARCO: "Well, I'd prefer being half-naked. And if this is my introduction
    to the moon, why am I all covered up like this? I'm pretty sure they'd
    rather get a better look at what I *actually* look like."

But as I'm saying that I wonder if maybe that's WHY Amicus had me so
covered up.

ALEXIOS: "The dress looks very good actually...it's the makeup that
    surprises me. I suppose it's very...Wolven to do something like that."

I look at Alex, frowning.

MARCO: "Wolven? Is this offensive?"

ALEXIOS: "Uhhhh...maybe just a smidge, but not to the wolves, so you have
    nothing to worry about. The Hindos don't talk to Adastra anymore."

MARCO: "Oh my god..."

I want to bury my face in my hands, but I can't with all the make up on.

On top of that, it's all starting to itch.

MARCO: "This is so stupid."

Alex chuckles.

ALEXIOS: "It really is. The Wolves are so obsessed with spectacle and drama
    which is why the trials are used instead of elections...or even just
    sound judgment from a council."

Alex gestures up at one of the screens.

ALEXIOS: "It's an Adastran holiday right now so everyone can watch this."

Cassius has finished his little song, standing up and bowing.

Along the right edge of the screen, five little boxes pop up, each one
containing the faces of three wolves sitting solemnly side-by-side.

ALEXIOS: "Though, in a way, the people are having a role in choosing their
    emperor here, with their elected triumvirates making the decision, but
    then I don't understand why song and dance should apply."

MARCO: "So why would Cassius and Amicus campaign if they're just going to
    be chosen through these trials?"

ALEXIOS: "Wellll...if the decision isn't clear, then why not choose the
    wolf that has the most popularity with your people? It increases the
    chance of re-election."

Amicus suddenly appears on screen, sitting down, a spotlight on him as he
begins to blow into the same instrument.

Again, that raspy, blatting sound that would make me cringe if it were a
human instrument at a human concert.

I have no idea if he's better than Cassius or not.

ALEXIOS: "And general popularity is good to have anyway. A happy people is
    usually a more peaceful and easy-to-control society."

MARCO: "So...Amicus is at a disadvantage then?"

ALEXIOS: "Unless he clearly outperforms Cassius."

I sigh, watching as the wolf's cheeks puff up each time he blows into his
little horn, his eyes almost crossed with effort.

MARCO: "I guess you elect your officials?"

ALEXIOS: "Yes."

MARCO: "So does most of..."

I find myself almost saying the name of my planet again.

It's harder and harder to keep this secret from Alex, especially as our
relationship has become more casual.

MARCO: "...our tribes."

At least I think that's what they are on the Simian planet.

I just have to hope that Alex doesn't actually look it up.

But he continues on like he didn't notice my pause, like he always does.

ALEXIOS: "Anyway, despite the competition, I still consider you a friend
    and I hope you feel the same. Maybe we can have lunch in the gardens
    soon, no matter the result?"

MARCO: "Yeah, let's do that."

ALEXIOS: "Wonderful."

We sit in silence for another ten or so minutes, watching as Amicus
finishes his horn-playing.

Then Cassius takes the spotlight again to begin "singing".

It's actually just howling, Cass's head leaned back, muzzle tipped toward
the ceiling, looking just like a wolf on Earth as it howls to the moon.

I think he's saying words, but I can't really understand, especially with
the odd, high pitched tone it has.

Meanwhile, a little gauge pops up in the bottom screen, a needle going back
and forth with the pitch of the howl.

ALEXIOS: "They want that indicator to stay in the middle. It represents
    better control over their song."

It's short, only few minutes before it's Amicus's turn, doing much the same
as Cassius except his howl is deeper, fuller—

—a lot better, I think.

I also like to think that the needle stays in the middle more often than it
had for Cassius, but I'm not sure.

Toward the end of Amicus's song, Com's voice crackles gently over our
heads.

COMPUTER: "Alex, Marco, the dance begins in five minutes. Please proceed to
    the throne room doors."

My heart skips a beat as we both stand up, Alex leading the way to the
hall.

I wonder if he's nervous too.

Even though he looks calm, his tail lashes back and forth as we walk.

I don't try to talk to him, feeling like we're both a little preoccupied
with our own thoughts right now.

We get to the big double doors and wait side-by-side.

Alex's paws are folded neatly in front of himself, so I do the same.

I try to breathe evenly.

I've never been good in front of big crowds and, even though it's
technically only Cato in there, I can't forget the fact that millions of
people are going to be watching.

COMPUTER: "Dance trial begins in five, four, three, two..."

The doors slide open and I find myself staring into a darkened throne room,
the windows deeply tinted so that only a vague hint of sunlight comes
through.

I immediately see Amicus straight ahead of me, bathed in a bright
spotlight.

The same can be said for Cassius, about ten meters to his right.

Cato sits on the throne, just like in my dream.

I also notice Virginia and Neferu sitting next to each other on one of the
benches.

That alone makes me even more nervous, but then a voice comes over the PA.

Not Com, but someone else, sounding old and frail.

WOLF: "Presenting Pet Alexios from moon Omorfa, and Pet Marco, from planet
    Simia."

Amicus and Cassius reach out one paw, and Alex starts to walk forward on
his toes, looking light and sophisticated.

I quickly follow suit, trying to sort of mimic his walk.

I'd never practiced my entrance with Amicus.

I start to wonder if I'm even more under-prepared than I thought I was.

No time to think about that now.

I do the best that I can with my stupid, prancing walk before coming to a
stop in front of Amicus, reaching out a hand to rest in his big paw.

He smiles reassuringly down at me, and for some reason, his presence makes
me a little less nervous than I had been while waiting alone for the trial
to start.

We stand there quietly for a moment, but then that old voice starts up
again, but now it's in a howl; high, wavering, and faint.

"*Explorant...adver...viro...*"

He starts to recite the story in the same howl, but it's hard to hear, and
now that there are words—

Wait...I can't understand it. He's speaking—

Oh fuck.

The Lingua isn't translating the song.

Immediately, I start to panic as I see Amicus raise up his paw.

I probably have a look of horror on my face, because his reassuring smile
has turned to a frown.

Jerkily, I raise up my hand up to touch it to the wolf's paw, trying to
stay calm.

I can do this.

Sure, I attached a lot of the movements to the words in the song, but I
remember the order of the poses...I think.

Still, the unexpected blunder has me flustered and stumbling, my movements
hesitant and definitely un-elegant.

I'm so frazzled that I don't really have time to dwell on the fact that
Alex and Cassius are doing the dance at the same time.

Are we competing for Cato's and the watching triumvirates' attention?

I try to stay focused on Amicus, watching his movements, hoping that I
might remember enough of his cues to get through all the movements
correctly.

My falling apart must be affecting Amicus as well, his brow furrowed in
confusion, his movements also becoming slower, more hesitant.

Fuck.

I think I feel sweat running down my face, probably turning my striped
makeup into a streaked mess.

Several times, I'm caught staring at Amicus, unsure of what to do until I
look over at Alex to see what he's doing.

The cat looks totally in his element, stretching and elongating his body
luxuriously in tandem with Cassius.

The wolf isn't bad himself, taking the clear lead in the dance as he dips
and sways with Alex's body.

Meanwhile, I fumble around with Amicus, watching as the powder on my sweaty
arms smears on his fur, leaving long, black smudges on his chest and arms.

Finally, we get to Meera's death and at least I know when this is supposed
to happen because I see Amicus reach out dramatically for me.

This is the only moment in the entire dance that I feel confident in what
I'm doing, and I put everything into my swoon...but so does Alex.

Amicus is already next to me to catch me before I can start to fall, but
Alex swoons while Cassius is still meters away from him, but the other wolf
smoothly glides to his side to catch him.

Alex lays there in Cassius's arms, splayed out dramatically, looking
somehow serene and distressed at the same time.

The spotlight almost makes the pair glitter, and even I feel like there's a
good deal of chemistry between the two of them.

There had been a small but definite hope on my end that Alex might help us
out here, maybe throw the dance in our favor with a fall or stumble, but it
looks like he's putting everything into the performance.

Cassius, despite his reputation of being weak, looks strong and confident,
easily supporting Alex's weight as the cat dips further toward the ground.

At the same time, the wolf's howl reaches a new pitch, the climax of the
story.

And that's when Alex turns his head to Cassius for a deep, passionate kiss.

Even though Meera's supposed to be gone at this point, Alex reaches up to
caress Cassius's face, pulling him in deeper.

Meanwhile, their bodies press closely together, Cassius very clearly
grinding his hips against the cat's, the paw that's not supporting Alex
instead running up his thigh—

—before dipping under Alex's underwear, pushing it up until most of the
cat's thigh is showing.

And they just...writhe against each other like that, as if caught in the
throes of passion, the movements of their muzzles telling me that a lot is
going on past those lips.

The entire act stuns me, almost making me forget about the disaster that
our own dance had been.

Cassius turns, carrying Alex with him as he faces them in the other
direction, never breaking the kiss, in fact their groping and grinding
getting even more intense.

He's giving everyone a good view of what's happening.

If the whole idea of the dance is to capture attention and make the story
and feelings believable—

—well, I believe them.

In fact, I believe there's a lot more going on between the two than I'd
originally thought.

That might explain why Alex wouldn't want to hurt Cassius's chances of
being emperor.

Maybe my hopes that Alex would help us were completely naive.

And that's when I'm suddenly snapped back to reality as I hear Amicus grunt
above me.

I'd been so enamored with Cassius and Alex's kiss that I'd forgotten our
own.

Seeing a preview of what I might have to do with Amicus though...

I blush, steeling myself, getting ready as the wolf starts to lean down
toward me, his lips puckered up slightly.

I ready my own lips, but then suddenly Amicus turns his head to the side
slightly, landing the kiss on my cheek instead.

It's soft and fleeting, and before I know it, Amicus has pulled back before
gently lowering me to the cold marble below.

I recognize the word Adastra in the howl before everything goes quiet.

I hear Alex getting up just a few feet away, so I do the same, Amicus
quickly hurrying over to help me up in my dress.

It's only then that I see the various drones floating around above us, the
attached lenses making me realize that they're cameras.

I quickly duck my head, not wanting the people to see the smeared,
offensive makeup on my face.

Amicus holds me close to his side, not saying anything, thankfully.

Cassius continues to look straight ahead and I can see Alex glancing at us,
looking confused.

Then Com's voice—

COMPUTER: "The triumvirates have made their decisions."

COMPUTER: "Lupas: Cassius."

COMPUTER: "Ad Rotae: Cassius."

COMPUTER: "Lux: Cassius."

COMPUTER: "Gebii: Cassius."

COMPUTER: "Tricelli: Cassius."

COMPUTER: "Adastra?"

The camera drones swivel to focus on Cato.

He shifts on his throne before grunting out his answer.

CATO: "Cassius."

COMPUTER: "The trial has been decided. Cassius is the victor."

There's a moment of stunned silence, then the windows un-tint and the
camera drones lazily drift away up into some ceiling compartment.

I'm left standing there, looking around at the others.

Cato is walking down the steps from the throne, in the direction of
Cassius.

Meanwhile, Virginia is whispering to Neferu behind a fan she's casually
waving into her face.

Cassius is petting Alex's head, murmuring to him under his breath.

Finally, Amicus stands awkwardly to my side, not even looking at me, his
paws behind his back and his eyes on Cato.

I suddenly realize again how stupid I look.

MARCO: "Can I go change?"

I mumble to Amicus, keeping my voice low like everyone else, as if we're in
a library, or something.

AMICUS: "Um, sure. Do you want—"

I don't let him finish.

I'm walking as fast as I can to the double doors, knowing that everyone's
eyes are on my back as I pause to touch the black panel.

Once I'm in the main hall, I'm able to breathe a little easier, starting to
feel the anger coming up through the absolute humiliation.

I don't know exactly what I'm angry at.

Not Amicus, even though he maybe should have had an idea that howls don't
translate.

Not Cato or the triumvirates; they'd made the right decision.

I'd been a complete disaster out there.

I guess I'm just mad at this whole system, that the responsibility of
getting home rests on me just as much as the guy that got me here in the
first place.

It isn't fair.

So I guess I am pissed at Amicus in a way, but the anger is a lot broader
than that, I'm angry at the entire situation.

I go straight to the bathroom, roughly trying to yank off the stupid dress.

It's tight around my neck and I spend the next minute doing an awkward
dance, trying to find the buttons on the back so I can loosen it.

Eventually, I just rip it off before wiggling out of the dress, feeling a
little guilty only after I see the beautiful fabric crumpled up on the
ground.

I stand there, breathing heavily, sweaty and hot.

I look in the mirror and I'm a little surprised to see the makeup still
mostly intact on my face.

Which reminds me; I'm also pissed that the first time I get paraded out to
the public, it's in a racist costume and makeup.

I get in the shower, letting the hot water run over my face, feeling a
little better now that I'm alone with my thoughts...and out of the tight
dress.

Still, my mood is a bit dark.

I guess now I can actually start to consider that I might be living here
forever.

While my mind initially rejects the idea, I guess it's not the worst fate.

I'll at least be living in a palace with Amicus, and I know he'd take care
of me.

At least I think he would.

Maybe this whole pet thing is temporary, and if he loses the trials, he'll
just throw me out with the trash, maybe kill me like he'd once mentioned on
the ship.

Under my gloomy contemplations though, I know that that's not the case.

He wouldn't do that, but I can't promise myself that I'd be able to keep
friendly with him if things really do go south.

He'd told me this would be easy so many times.

Even if the Lingua hadn't messed up, I doubt we still would have won.

After a good half hour, I finally get out of the shower.

I stand in front of the fans for a bit, enjoying the way it whips my hair
around before I pick up some underwear off the hook and tie it on.

I'm pretty fast at doing that now, not even having to think about it.

Finally, I open the door.

The cool air that rushes in is refreshing after such a hot shower, but I'm
immediately treated to the sight of Amicus walking away from the door,
probably in the middle of pacing.

He immediately turns around at the sound though, his eyes wide.

AMICUS: "Hey! Marco, how are you?"

MARCO: "Great."

I walk over to the dresser, opening the one that's full of children's
robes.

AMICUS: "Really?"

MARCO: "Sure."

I hear Amicus huff behind me.

AMICUS: "Please, I don't want to deal with that mood of yours right now. I
    just want to talk."

That's fair, but him telling me to stop sulking is just making me sulkier.

MARCO: "You know, I would have loved to just talk like, a week ago about
    this stupid trial. Imagine how much better it would have gone if I'd
    actually MEMORIZED the dance rather than just following cues from you
    and the song."

I whip out a robe.

MARCO: "Which, by the way, isn't a song. You always make fun of Earthlings
    and our primitive ways, but at least we actually have a variety of
    music. Oh, and we can actually sing, not those creepy howling sounds
    that sound like you're dying."

Amicus frowns at me, his ears flat.

AMICUS: "You're upset."

MARCO: "Noooo, what made you think that?"

AMICUS: "Stop it, Marco. I'm just as upset and disappointed as you probably
    are...was it the cameras, maybe Cato that made you nervous? What
    happened?"

I'm quiet for a moment as I start tying on my robe, then suddenly Amicus's
paw reaches out, grabbing my right hand and yanking it away from my
clothing.

MARCO: "What—"

AMICUS: "What happened to your paw!?"

I look up and see the wolf staring at the palm side of my hand with wide
eyes before turning it this way and that.

MARCO: "What?"

AMICUS: "Your skin it's...it's bunching up! Are you having a reaction to
    the powder?"

I stare at him, confused before pulling my hand away to look at my pruney
fingers.

MARCO: "No, I was just in the shower too long. My skin does that when I'm
    wet for a long time."

AMICUS: "I've never noticed that before."

MARCO: "You take short showers."

The wolf frowns at me, then snatches my hand up again to stare at the
fingers in fascination, even as I try to yank it back.

At that point, I feel my mood about to take a turn in one of two
directions: either exploding at Amicus in frustration and anger over
everything...or just laughing.

And I find myself doing the latter, chuckling at first before letting out a
loud guffaw.

Amicus gives me a strange look, finally letting me go.

AMICUS: "Are you sure you're alright? You're worrying me."

I sigh as I finish tying on my robe before flopping back onto the bed,
hands above my head as I let the pleasant, cool air drift down from the
ceiling to blanket my body.

I know I'm going to get cold in a few minutes, but for now it feels good.

MARCO: "Remember how you said the Lingua has trouble translating some
    things?"

AMICUS: "Yes, I—"

I hear the wolf pause as he figures out what went wrong.

MARCO: "Heard nothing but wailing Latin in that howling noise. I had no
    idea what I was doing."

AMICUS: "Oh gods..."

There's a heavy thump and I feel the mattress crater and tilt sideways a
bit as Amicus sits down next to me.

MARCO: "So yeah."

AMICUS: "Marco, I'm so sorry. I didn't even contemplate that possibility!"

MARCO: "It's fine...I don't think either of us could have."

AMICUS: "I mean, I've listened to music from the cats before, and I've
    never had an issue with lyrics translating..."

I shrug.

MARCO: "I dunno, doesn't the Lingua try to understand intention, too? Maybe
    I'm meant to hear the 'true' language when you guys sing. It was
    happening while you were doing your song, even though I didn't realize
    it then."

AMICUS: "Oh...you heard me sing?"

I can hear the embarrassment in Amicus's voice.

MARCO: "Yeah...it sounded fine, honestly. I was just being a dick earlier."

AMICUS: "I know."

MARCO: "But still, I'm tired of you trashing on human culture."

AMICUS: "I know."

MARCO: "And I *knew* that makeup was offensive by the way. I looked like an
    idiot for all of Adastra to see."

AMICUS: "You looked good!"

I turn my head toward the wolf.

MARCO: "Oh really, fumbling around like an idiot with no clue of what he's
    doing looks good?"

Amicus stays quiet this time.

I stare back up at the ceiling.

MARCO: "I guess at least I'm keeping up the dumb, primitive ape act,
    right?"

Amicus just sighs, getting up.

I watch as he slowly walks over to the sofa to sit down.

AMICUS: "I have to say that although you are a very kind, intelligent
    person, you're very frustrating when you get into these moods."

MARCO: "Frustrating?"

AMICUS: "Just so...gloomy and self-defeating. You remind me of Cassius
    sometimes."

I pull a face.

MARCO: "Since when is HE self-defeating? He seems pretty full of himself to
    me."

AMICUS: "You don't know the real Cass. He very much dislikes himself."

MARCO: "Also, don't compare me to your brother. I really don't want to be
    thinking about him right now."

AMICUS: "I'm just saying, I prefer you in lighter spirits. It suits you
    more."

MARCO: "I'll work on it."

A long silence goes by and with the way that Amicus is shifting around, I
can tell that he wants to ask me something.

MARCO: "What is it?"

AMICUS: "Well, uh, I guess that little celebration is out of the question,
    now?"

MARCO: "The dinner?"

AMICUS: "Um..."

I sit up suddenly, giving him an incredulous look.

MARCO: "Seriously!?"

AMICUS: "Whoa, I was just kidd—"

MARCO: "We just lost the trial! You're one trial away from losing the
    emperorship and you're seriously thinking about that—"

AMICUS: "I was just having a bit of fun."

MARCO: "No, you want a pity handy."

AMICUS: "It's not like I NEED you to do it. I can get the job done myself."

MARCO: "Then do it."

AMICUS: "I will."

Amicus sits there huffily, not making eye contact.

I sigh, remembering what the wolf had said about improving my mood.

I often criticize Amicus for his tantrums, reminding him that it won't help
us to sulk.

It's kind of hypocritical that I don't hold myself to the same standards.

MARCO: "Sorry, I've just got a lot on my mind, obviously."

AMICUS: "Listen, I know this went much differently than what we had
    planned, but I will certainly win the next trial. I've debated Cassius
    many times before."

MARCO: "Do I have to do anything?"

AMICUS: "Other than watch? No."

MARCO: "When is it?"

AMICUS: "Two weeks from now."

MARCO: "You'd better win."

AMICUS: "I will."

I sigh again, realizing that the knot I've had in my stomach the past few
weeks has a bit longer to stick around.

MARCO: "And I might still..."

I make a jacking motion in the air.

MARCO: "...later on. I'm just not in the right state of mind right now."

AMICUS: "I understand. It was too early to make light of things...though,
    uh, maybe we could do something else that would make us both feel
    better?"

MARCO: "Something else?"

AMICUS: "Yes, like, I could just...hold you?"

Amicus's voice gets uncharacteristically high on the last word.

MARCO: "Hold me."

I repeat his words.

MARCO: "Why would you want to do that?"

AMICUS: "Well, companionship is part of pet duties, and holding, or
    embracing is often how it is expressed. It might also be comforting to
    you considering how stressful the past few hours have been."

Again, that hopeful look and again I actually feel bad for him.

How lonely do you have to be to just want to cuddle someone?

But at the same time, I want to.

I might not want to admit it, but I've also been lonely these past three
weeks, emotionally and physically.

Also, I've really liked our short hugs, so a longer one...

Trying not to look too eager myself, I sigh and stand up.

Amicus's ears immediately perk up in happy surprise.

He leans back, legs together, waiting as I walk up to him.

AMICUS: "Do you—"

I sit down in his lap, a little awkwardly at first as I wobble around, then
finally settle on turning sideways, knees drawn up as I lean my shoulder
against his chest.

Amicus pauses, then wraps his arms around me.

Despite the awkward start, I'm amazed at the way I just sort of fit against
the curve of his body.

His big, furry arms envelop me, and I feel the muscles tighten briefly
before relaxing.

His soft stomach cushions against my side, making it feel as if I'm leaning
a against a big, furry, but firm water bed.

His chest is broad and thick, propping my head up comfortably as he scoots
his butt out a bit to help us better recline.

Then he tucks my head under his chin, and just like that, I'm surrounded by
his warmth, the cold that had started to bite at my bare skin dissipating
immediately.

I feel a little thrill in my chest at the feeling of having this wolf, so
large and powerful, hug and cuddle me so gently.

Something about that is so...nice.

Amicus just holds me in silence for a while, and I feel his paws shift
around a bit, like he's kneading through the robe to the skin on my back.

Finally, his deep voice rumbles through his chest and against my ear.

AMICUS: "Is this alright?"

MARCO: "Yeah this is...fine."

I blush, embarrassed at how much I'm enjoying this.

Originally, I'd just wanted to make him feel better, but he was right about
this making ME feel better.

Amicus rubs his chin down against the top of my head, and I hear him
inhale.

AMICUS: "I suppose this isn't a normal thing to do on Earth?"

MARCO: "Well...it is if you're dating someone. It's not a usual thing with
    friends, though."

AMICUS: "Ah."

Amicus paws at me a bit more, making those tiny movements as if he's trying
to feel me as much as possible without being obvious about it.

AMICUS: "What is dating on your planet?"

I shrug, though it's hard to do against the wolf's tight embrace.

MARCO: "Just...asking someone you like out on a date. Basically it just
    means that you like the person and you want to know more about them and
    dating helps you do that."

AMICUS: "Ah, Sounds fairly casual. So how does one initiate dating?"

MARCO: "I dunno, just ask them...give them flowers if you're old-fashioned,
    but it is pretty casual, honestly."

AMICUS: "Mmmh."

MARCO: "Why are you so curious?"

It's Amicus's turn to shrug.

AMICUS: "I always want to be careful about your boundaries. It's easier
    when I understand your culture better."

I lean against the wolf, realizing that even though I'd made a complete
fool out of myself just half an hour earlier, I feel fine.

I kind of hope that this isn't the last time we do something like this.

Knowing Amicus, it likely won't be.

It's a few days later when I'm finally able to hang out with Alex like we'd
planned.

Cassius had stepped up his campaigning over the past several days as his
chances of becoming emperor increased.

So did Amicus after his decreased.

The difference being that Alex often found himself going on campaign trips
with the white wolf while Amicus always left me behind.

I think Amicus had picked up on the fact that I don't like being out in
front of so many people after the whole dance incident.

Still, he promises me that WHEN he wins the next trial, we'll go out to the
city to celebrate.

For now though, I'm happy to stay in the gardens with Alex, enjoying a
quiet midday meal as we both talk and sip our tea.

ALEXIOS: "Honestly, they should have us redo the dance if your Lingua
    wasn't translating."

MARCO: "Was yours?"

ALEXIOS: "Well, no, but I knew it wouldn't. Wolves never intend for their
    lyrics to translate over the Lingua because it ruins the howl, which
    they see to be the whole point of singing."

MARCO: "Hmm."

ALEXIOS: "I could understand Amicus overlooking that though. Most wolves
    never see another sibling species in person in their entire lives."

MARCO: "Well, it's over now. On to the debate thing they're gonna do next."

ALEXIOS: "Oh yes. Cassius has been training with the best rhetorician on
    the moon; Marcus Manius."

I notice that he puts a bit of emphasis on the name and I look over at him.

Alex sips at his tea daintily, watching the fountain lazily.

ALEXIOS: "He's offered Cassius many tips on convincing the triumvirates.
    Very useful tips, actually. Is Amicus doing anything similar?"

I realize then that Alex is offering me information on what Cassius is
doing to prepare for the trial.

...At least I think he is.

Whether that's the case or not, I try to remember the name of the rhetoric
guy, knowing I should tell Amicus later.

MARCO: "I'm not really sure. He hasn't told me all that much about what
    he's doing, but hopefully it's something similar."

ALEXIOS: "Well, I recommend he study the triumvirates and their cities, if
    only to find the best way to convince them during the second trial."

Yep, definitely offering me information.

Thing is, after seeing the way he and Cassius interacted...I wonder if I
can fully trust him.

MARCO: "You know, Cassius was saying something earlier while I was serving
    him about a week ago. Did you know he has plans to get rid of the
    triumvirates?"

Alex's eyes widen for a moment.

ALEXIOS: "Oh really? Hmm, I wonder why?"

MARCO: "Something about it being easier to rule directly rather than
    through elected officials?"

ALEXIOS: "Well, that's some radical thinking, isn't it?"

MARCO: "That's what Virginia said."

ALEXIOS: "Well, she's always been rather reasonable. Honestly—"

Alex leans in, lowering his voice.

ALEXIOS: "I'd rather she become the empress, but unfortunately the Wolves
    don't allow females to hold positions of much authority, so her chances
    at the throne are nil."

Alex's eyes suddenly widen as he looks over my shoulder.

I raise my eyebrows, then look back to see Neferu making his way toward us.

I turn around to see Alex looking down toward the ground, his tail lashing
around before he holds it in his lap.

The jackal stops to stand in front of us.

Without a word, he delicately takes one of Alex's paws and bows low to kiss
it.

Alex raises his other paw to his mouth, blushing furiously.

Meanwhile, Neferu just nods at me.

NEFERU: "Good day Alex and Marco. How is your midday meal?"

Alex still has his paw to his mouth, so I answer for him.

MARCO: "It's okay. How are you?"

NEFERU: "Splendid!"

I notice then that he's carrying a bottle in his paw, the glass glinting in
the sunlight with his every move.

NEFERU: "I was just taking a walk through the gardens this morning when I
    happened across a shockingly large spider that skittered across the
    ground at my paws."

Neferu sweeps his paw in front of himself, as if showing where the spider
ran.

NEFERU: "I can't help but wonder if I'm in danger here."

Alex finally speaks up then, squeaking with the first syllable.

ALEXIOS: "N—no, they're rather harmless. Their venom is very mild."

NEFERU: "Ah, well that's a relief to hear, Alex. On my home planet I'd
    often have to shake my loincloths out before wearing them in case of
    scorpions."

ALEXIOS: "Oh really? That's terrifying."

NEFERU: "It certainly can be, but it's something you get used to."

Alex and Neferu smile at each other for a moment, and I frown at the cat,
wondering what the hell he's doing.

NEFERU: "Oh yes! I came to give you this."

Neferu leans down and holds out the glass bottle and now I see it's filled
with a honey-colored liquid that sloshes lazily in the bottle.

NEFERU: "The Buna seed oil I promised. Much better for the fur than the
    Adastran oils they have for us."

Alex reaches out and takes the bottle, blushing again.

ALEXIOS: "Th-thank you Neferu. I'll use it first thing tomorrow."

NEFERU: "And I'll see you again tomorrow to make sure you do!"

The jackal winks and I think I hear Alex make a strangled noise in his
throat.

NEFERU: "In the meantime, would you like to take a walk with me?"

ALEXIOS: "Uh, oh, I—"

Neferu once again extends a paw.

Alex coughs awkwardly before reaching out to take it.

NEFERU: "Wonderful, you're always such great company. Would you like to
    join us as well, Marco?"

I think back on what had happened in the baths.

MARCO: "No thanks."

NEFERU: "In that case, I'll see you around the palace."

ALEXIOS: "Yeah, see ya, Marco!"

Neferu offers his arm to the cat, and just like they're off into the
gardens, disappearing around the many bushes lining the footpaths.

I stare after them, a bit confused, still unclear on what exactly the
jackal is doing.

I'm also reminded that I need to ask Alex about why the hell he told Neferu
about my intelligence.

Only problem is, I don't know how to do that without seeming suspicious.

Technically there isn't a reason why it's supposed to be a secret, and I
feel like bringing it up will only give the cat reason to dig more deeply.

As I'm wondering all of this, I notice a shape in the bushes, near the ones
that Alex and Neferu disappeared behind.

Then I see a flash of red and maybe an elbow poking out.

MARCO: "What the—Amicus?"

I yell out in his direction and I see the wolf jump, suddenly coming out
from behind his cover.

AMICUS: "Y—yes, was just having a look at the roses."

The wolf walks toward me, his paws behind his back.

I raise an eyebrow at him.

MARCO: "Were you spying on us? Were you trying to avoid Neferu, or
    something?"

Amicus ignores me this time.

AMICUS: "How was your day, Marco?"

MARCO: "Umm...Okaaay."

I try to look around the wolf's side at whatever he's hiding behind his
back, but he turns accordingly to keep it obscured.

MARCO: "What are you doing?"

AMICUS: "Well..."

Amicus takes a deep breath and I feel myself starting to get nervous.

Then he goes down to one knee.

AMICUS: "Marco, over the past few weeks I've come to enjoy your company
    immensely."

My mouth drops.

AMICUS: "And over the past few weeks, I've come to realize that we share so
    much in common in terms of our goals and desires."

Amicus gives me a coy smile at that.

MARCO: "What are you—"

AMICUS: "So, I decided that I should take the next step, to make you feel
    more welcome and to show you how much I appreciate your kindness and
    understanding."

The wolf suddenly swings his paws to his front, revealing what he'd been
hiding.

It's a bouquet of purple flowers, lavenders to be exact, along with several
smaller white flowers sprinkled into the mix.

AMICUS: "Marco, will you date me?"

I stare at the wolf, still taking in the presentation he'd just given me.

My mouth still hangs open and I make a few "uh" sounds as I try to form a
coherent sentence to respond in my mind.

AMICUS: "Ah, I probably messed that up, huh? Well, hopefully the message
    came across clearly? What do you think?"

MARCO: "I—I'm stunned."

AMICUS: "And that's...good?"

MARCO: "Amicus, what is this?"

AMICUS: "I did something wrong, didn't I?"

MARCO: "Well, I mean...did you mean to do it?"

The whole thing is crazy, but Amicus's demeanor doesn't really match with
the proposal he'd just made.

AMICUS: "Did I mean to ask you out on a date?"

MARCO: "Well...yeah, did you?"

AMICUS: "Yes?"

Now the wolf is really fidgeting, tugging at his cape nervously as he
lowers the bouquet to hang limply at his side.

I have an odd butterflies-in-the-stomach feeling that won't seem to go
away.

I don't know what it means, but I try to ignore it.

The wolf suddenly deflates, looking dejected.

AMICUS: "Did I pick up the incorrect meaning?"

I clear my throat, trying to gather my wits.

MARCO: "What, uh, do you think dating is?"

AMICUS: "Well, what you told me; it's a relationship status that enables
    you to become closer, learn more about each other, along with
    normalizing physical intimacy."

Well, he seems to have it down for the most part.

The part that I'm having trouble with though...

MARCO: "Well, people that date also tend to have...I guess feelings for
    each other."

AMICUS: "Well yes, I have very friendly feelings toward you, and I want to
    make you more comfortable around me, especially when it comes to
    physical intimacy. Isn't that the point of dating?"

I sigh, realizing I hadn't explained it well enough, but then I hadn't
realized that Amicus was planning to do this either.

MARCO: "Well, usually people don't do it unless they love each other..."

My voice gets quieter and quieter over the course of the sentence until
Amicus has to poke his ears forward to hear me.

AMICUS: "Love?"

MARCO: "...Yeah."

AMICUS: "Oh."

Amicus stands there a moment before the insides of his ears turn bright
red.

AMICUS: "You said it was casual!"

The wolf raises his voice, the sudden increase in volume making me jump.

MARCO: "Well it is! I mean, you don't necessarily have to be *in love* to
    date, but the intention is usually to *find* love..."

AMICUS: "Dear gods, was your intention just to humiliate me after the
    dance?"

MARCO: "What the hell are you talking about? How was I supposed to know you
    were planning this?"

AMICUS: "I think me asking those questions had made it fairly obvious."

MARCO: "You assume way too much."

AMICUS: "Clearly."

The wolf tosses the bouquet to the side, letting it land on the bench
before it rolls off to the ground.

Amicus slumps onto the bench next to me, his ears still red.

I let him grumble to himself for a minute or two, wanting to let him cool
off from the initial embarrassment.

Then I reach up to rest a hand on his broad shoulder.

MARCO: "Sorry, I didn't mean to embarrass you. Besides, how were you
    supposed to know? It's an Earth thing."

Amicus waves a paw.

AMICUS: "S'fine. Like you said, I assume too much."

I lean over to pick up the bouquet, seeing how the flowers just kind of
looked bunched together.

MARCO: "You make this yourself?"

AMICUS: "Well, yes. The garden has many flowers."

MARCO: "It smells like you."

AMICUS: "Er, yes."

MARCO: "It looks good."

AMICUS: "Thank you."

We sit quietly for a few more minutes as I pretend to examine all the
flowers in the bouquet.

AMICUS: "So...It's either friendship or love with humans? No physical
    intimacy unless you're bound to fall in love?"

MARCO: "What do you mean?"

AMICUS: "Like this 'dating' culture you have. You were interested in giving
    me that sexual favor. Does that mean you're also interested in love
    with me as well?"

I blush.

MARCO: "Well, not exactly."

AMICUS: "Didn't you say dating allows for more intimacy? But dating is also
    meant to look for love?"

I sigh and set the bouquet aside.

MARCO: "Things are changing, becoming more...casual."

I say the word carefully and Amicus snorts.

MARCO: "But I guess the term you might be looking for is 'friends with
    benefits'."

AMICUS: "Benefits?"

MARCO: "Friends that have sex, basically."

AMICUS: "Ah, I see. We haven't done that, though."

MARCO: "No. But I'm not gonna make you date me just to get a hand-job."

AMICUS: "Hehe..."

Amicus scratches behind his head before looking away again.

Once again, I find myself feeling bad for him.

MARCO: "Listen, if we weren't having this whole—"

I lower my voice.

MARCO: "—illegal space adventure, I might say yes."

AMICUS: "What, really?"

MARCO: "I said 'might'."

AMICUS: "Oh, really?"

MARCO: "I think you're missing a key word there."

AMICUS: "I think I understand."

I find myself turning red again, wishing I'd just kept my mouth shut.

AMICUS: "Well, maybe I might as well."

MARCO: "Well, you already asked."

AMICUS: "Without knowing the full meaning."

I try to think of something else to change the subject, knowing that my
blush is clear as day to the wolf and that he's very much enjoying it.

MARCO: "Anyway, Alexios told me that Cassius was training under a rhetoric
    person, um...Markus Manliest, or something?"

Amicus suddenly frowns.

AMICUS: "Marcus Manius, really?"

MARCO: "I think that's what he said."

AMICUS: "Damn."

Amicus's tone is that of awe.

MARCO: "Is that bad?"

AMICUS: "It's...simply surprising. He's the most famous Adastran
    rhetorician there is."

MARCO: "Should I be worried?"

AMICUS: "No, in fact, now that you've told me I'm in much better shape. I
    now have an idea of what style he might use, so that will make it
    easier to counter his points."

MARCO: "If you're sure..."

AMICUS: "Of course! Now come to my room to help me practice, just to make
    extra certain I'll win."

We get up and walk back to the palace through the gardens, leaving the
bouquet of flowers behind on the bench.

Amicus seems to have gotten over his embarrassment about the whole incident
pretty quickly.

It's just like him to be able to do that, actually

In fact, we're laughing and talking just as easily as we always have, the
wolf nudging me every few minutes to punctuate something he says, each one
causing me to stumble.

AMICUS: "Anyway, Cass tends to stutter over his words in front of large
    crowds. Not much a rhetorician can do about that!"

The wolf reaches out a paw, pressing it to the black square.

AMICUS: "Besides, what exactly is he—"

Amicus and I stare in surprise as Cassius stares back at us with what looks
like even more surprise.

Then his eyes narrow.

CASSIUS: "Excuse me."

He tries to move around us, but Amicus blocks his way, growling.

AMICUS: "What the HELL are you doing in here, Cassius!"

Amicus seems to reserve his actual yelling only for Cassius, so it makes me
jump when I hear it.

Cassius collects himself quickly despite Amicus's intimidating snarls.

CASSIUS: "Not much of your business, is it?"

AMICUS: "If you're in my room then it is my business."

AMICUS: "What. Are. You. DOING!?"

The wolf starts to advance on Cassius, stopping just feet away.

CASSIUS: "Move Amicus, otherwise I'm calling Cato."

Amicus eyes Cassius closely, then finally pulls back, folding his arms.

AMICUS: "Snooping around to find something that might give you a chance in
    the trial? I can tell you now that you'll be coming up short."

CASSIUS: "Obviously. You've nothing to offer to help me win."

AMICUS: "Then why come here?"

Cassius ignores the other wolf, walking past Amicus before passing by me.

He turns then.

CASSIUS: "And you know, I shouldn't be worried after the pitiable display
    you and your 'pet' put on."

He turns to me and I can't help but frown at him.

CASSIUS: "As stupid as he is ugly."

I know that Cassius is just trying to get under Amicus's skin.

He knows that he cares about me.

But as Cassius reaches out to brush my chin with a paw, I can't stop myself
from batting it away.

Cassius's eyes widen then, and I see his paw draw back.

I flinch, but immediately Amicus is there, reaching out to grab Cassius by
his cape.

The smaller wolf is pulled back from me, but Amicus doesn't stop there.

As Cassius stumbles past Amicus, the bigger wolf swings his paw, smacking
Cassius square in the nose.

Cassius immediately goes down on his ass at which point I hear another
sound.

Amicus and I stare down at the smaller wolf as he sits there, stunned, then
he suddenly scrambles up to his feet, a paw to his rear.

CASSIUS: "Amicus, you bastard! Tail-raising lover of ASS!"

I take a step back as Cassius practically sprays blood from his mouth.

Amicus pulls me to his side, eyes narrowed, but I can feel his heart
hammering against my shoulder.

CASSIUS: "I'll throw you both in the dungeon for that. I'll have him
    EXECUTED when I'm emperor!"

I see tears start to spill out of Cassius's eyes before he turns and
stumbles out of the room, his tail hanging limply to the side.

Amicus and I stand there for a long time after he leaves, the silence
almost oppressive after the loud fight.

To be continued...