Behind me...

There is no "behind me" because I don't have a body anymore.

Instead, the feeling creeps just outside of my awareness.

Whenever I try to focus on it, it slips away.

So instead I just let it go, floating in space, feeling almost nothing.

And feeling nothing right now, after everything, feels good.

But after a moment, I start to get vague, far-off feelings.

Not my own feelings, but the feelings of others, and I pick them up like
distant whispers.

"We've interfered far too much already."

"Nothing goes to plan with the wolves. It must be done..."

I'm only half-listening, coasting on the waves of soothing, empty space.

If this is how the drug makes you feel, I'm pretty into it.

"The more we interfere the harder it will be to predict anything."

"There is no other choice."

The voice-feelings cease at that point, and I continue to ripple on the
waves of the universe.

That's when I notice something appearing in the center of my infinite
space.

I've...seen this thing before...I think.

Dreams that had fled my mind the moment I'd woken up suddenly come flooding
back.

I focus on this being, this creature that's been following me since I was
abducted.

He looms there, staring at me, even though I'm everywhere at once.

The silence goes on for a while...or maybe not.

I still don't have any sense of time.

That is until the creature speaks.

?????: "Marco."

The voice is deep and masculine, rumbling through my being.

I wait a moment, then try to acknowledge him, made difficult by the fact
that I don't have a mouth to speak with.

?????: "If you wish to communicate then do so. I can hear you."

"What?"

I try to think the word at him, but it's slow and clumsy in my mind, and I
just wish that I could talk.

There's a rumble of amusement through the air.

?????: "If you desire a body, simply will it to be. The loss of self is a
    disturbing feeling for you creatures, I know."

What he's saying doesn't make all that much sense, but I try anyway, and
just like that, I feel my being start to pull together.

I start to materialize right in front of the creature, and I see my hands
in front of myself again.

When I look down, I see my body, naked.

As soon as I see that, I feel a shock of embarrassment, and my robe
suddenly appears on my body.

I still don't feel right, like I'm still not in this body that I see.

Still, it does feel better, and I'm able to open my mouth.

MARCO: "What is this?"

My mouth feels strange and rubbery, and at the same time it feels like
cotton is coating the inside.

?????: "This is..."

For the first time, the creature seems unsure of what he should say.

?????: "Well, it's a bit complicated to explain, but it's simply a space
    where you and I might be able to communicate peacefully.

That's not really an answer.

?????: "No, but if I were to explain it in-depth, it would waste the small
    amount of time we have together and confuse you even further."

I try to stay focused, wanting to know as much about this guy as I can
before the drug wears off.

MARCO: "You're a parent?"

That rumbling laughter tickles at the edge of my existence again.

?????: "No, definitely not. I am a monitor."

Monitor.

Icy fear trickles down my imagined spine as I realize what this all might
mean.

The monitor quickly holds up a paw.

MONITOR: "No, no, don't worry. You're not in trouble."

I watch him cautiously, as if he's only lulling me into a false sense of
security before annihilating me on the spot.

Again, that feeling of amusement.

MONITOR: "Now that would be impossible to do here."

I try to keep my thoughts focused.

MARCO: "What about Amicus? Is he in trouble?"

MONITOR: "No. He only did what we had planned for him to do."

MARCO: "Planned?"

There's a pause, as if the monitor is gathering his thoughts.

MONITOR: "No, I'm simply receiving instructions."

MARCO: "From?"

MONITOR: "The parents."

I stare at him.

MARCO: "They're talking to you?"

MONITOR: "Yes, about you and what I can and cannot tell you."

MARCO: "Why don't *they* just talk to me then?"

MONITOR: "Because they cannot. Direct communication is impossible."

MARCO: "Then how—"

MONITOR: "I was specifically designed to be a bridge between your...let's
    say dimension, and theirs."

I don't really know what to think about that, but I get the feeling that I
shouldn't be distracted by these things right now.

MONITOR: "That would be wise."

MARCO: "So what do you mean 'planned'? The parents set Amicus up somehow?"

MONITOR: "Your abduction and introduction to the wolven empire was meant to
    happen."

MARCO: "Why?"

Another slight pause.

MONITOR: "The wolves could single-handedly undo the *Galaxias*, but you can
    change that."

I frown, feeling some anxiety slip through the drug-induced calm.

MARCO: "What? How?"

MONITOR: "The wolves are...a stubborn sibling, possibly a mistake made at
    the very beginning, but the parents can still see the correct path and
    destination."

MARCO: "See? Can they see the future, or something?"

MONITOR: "In a way, yes. Their minds exist in many times at once."

I'm starting to become lost and suddenly, I begin to feel like a primitive
life-form, incapable of understanding this ancient, alien monolith before
me.

MONITOR: "Do not feel that way. You yourself may not understand, but your
    species as a whole is more than capable."

My mind automatically thinks back to how we were abandoned by the wolves,
by maybe even the jackals too.

MONITOR: "You were abandoned by all the siblings."

For a single moment, multiple images of several different creatures cross
my mind; a bear, a wolf, a jackal, a lion, a ram...

They're all recognizable, and what they wear is recognizable too, reminding
me of several different cultures on Earth.

The images finally stop on a tiger in a flowing dress with intricate
designs and patterns, and what looks like a sari draped over her shoulder.

As the image fades from my mind, somehow I know immediately that it's
Meera.

MONITOR: "Yes, we reigned in the wolves once before with the help of the
    Hindos, but it lasted for a far shorter period of time than we'd
    foreseen. That's why we've turned to you, to play her ancient role."

MARCO: "But...we're not part of the *Galaxias*. Everyone failed at
    uplifting us, so isn't something wrong with us?"

Another pause.

MONITOR: "In a way, yes, but after the attempts, all of the parents
    realized that humans would factor into the *Galaxias* later...now."

MARCO: "All? Aren't the parents competing with each other?"

This time I only get silence in response.

I wonder if he's just been told that he can't tell me that.

MARCO: "So...what am I supposed to do? What do you want with me?"

The answer this time is immediate.

MONITOR: "Restore Amicus to his rightful place on the throne."

I wait, but there isn't any other explanation.

MARCO: "And...how do I do that?"

Silence.

MARCO: "Why me?"

More silence.

I blow out air in frustration, or try to since nothing comes out.

MARCO: "Why can't you all just *tell* me what to do? You brought me here,
    didn't you? Just tell me."

Nothing.

I'm about to just give up, wait out the trip when the monitor begins
speaking again.

MONITOR: "Interference often leads to destabilization of the events that
    should follow. The *Galaxias* must develop and learn in its own way."

MARCO: "Except for now, right? This is interfering, isn't it?"

MONITOR: "Except for in various instances where the children and siblings
    stray too far off course."

This time I'm the one left unsure of what to say.

I'd always seen the parents as all-knowing beings with only good intentions
for their children, but now...

How do I know they can even be trusted?

What I do know is that the monitor is apparently able to hear all my
thoughts, so he definitely heard that.

Still, he doesn't say anything, just regarding me silently.

MARCO: "So...I guess you can't tell me what the purpose of all of this is,
    then? The *Galaxias* as a whole?"

MONITOR: "That knowledge has not been earned by the sapients yet."

My mistrust grows.

MARCO: "Well...can you give me something, *anything* that might help me
    with getting Amicus out of the dungeon? If I'm straying off the course
    then tell me how to get back on it."

The monitor pauses for a moment, as if getting more information from the
parents.

MONITOR: "Watch the cat."

The cat.

MARCO: "Alexios?"

I wait, but again I get silence.

I shake my head.

If the parents really are all-knowing and all-powerful, then why can't they
just tell me—

MONITOR: "We are neither of these things, hence why we must be so careful."

I just stand there, unsure of what else to do.

I look around.

MARCO: "Is uh, is Cassius alright?"

MONITOR: "The false emperor? Yes, he's somewhere around here."

The monitor looks about dismissively.

MARCO: "Did he hear us?"

MONITOR: "No, he's too busy panicking. A side-effect of being a coward
    imposter."

I frown, feeling that's a bit harsh, even on someone like Cassius.

MARCO: "Can you...can you help him, maybe bring him here?"

I get a feeling from the monitor that I can only describe as an annoyed
sigh.

MONITOR: "I suppose."

A few moments pass before I start to see something appear next to me.

The unmistakable shape of Cassius materializes, frightened and shaking.

He immediately sees me.

CASSIUS: "Marco!? Where are we? What's happened? Are you—"

Then he sees the monitor.

CASSIUS: "Agh!"

He jumps behind me, shielding himself from the creature.

CASSIUS: "The demon! Help me!"

I get that feeling of amusement from the dragon creature again, and I
frown.

MARCO: "Have you been scaring him?"

I get the feeling of a shrug from the creature.

MONITOR: "If he's scared that's his choice."

MARCO: "And the parents are okay with you doing that?"

MONITOR: "Possibly not, but the white wolf means little to them."

CASSIUS: "What?"

That seems to get Cassius's attention, and he pokes his head around my side
to glare at the monitor.

CATO: "E-excuse me, but I am the emperor—"

MONITOR: "No, you are not."

I frown, the scene growing more and more surreal before me.

CASSIUS: "Excuse me!?"

Cassius seems unable to think of anything else to say.

Just as I'm about to step between the two of them, I find myself unable to
hold my consciousness together any longer and I begin to drift off...

Slowly, I come to on the sofa, my eyes cracking open as I wince at the
throbbing headache I have.

There's a cold sensation around my mouth and I reach up to feel that I've
been drooling all over myself.

I roll over, feeling a wave of dizziness as I do.

I pause there, waiting for the wooziness to pass.

When it finally does, I'm able to focus better on my surroundings.

I stare a full ten seconds before I remember where I am, and what I'm doing
there.

I look over at the bed and see Cassius lying spread-eagle on the covers,
his eyes fluttering.

I watch him for a while, realizing that he's still unconscious.

He did take in a lot more of the drug than I had, so I guess that makes
sense.

Very slowly, I slide my legs off of the sofa and sit there as a second
dizzy spell overtakes me.

I wait a solid minute for this one to pass so that when I stand up I don't
end up just falling over.

When I'm able to do that, I stumble to the bathroom, feeling more and more
clear-headed by the second.

When I get to the sink, I rest there, staring at myself in the mirror.

My eyes are red and my hair is messed up in every direction.

I wet one of the towels and wash my face and by the time I'm finished, I
feel mostly better.

As I rest there against the sink, I think back to what just happened.

Not just the drug trip I'd been sent on, but what I'd been told.

All the dreams I'd had since being on this moon; I remember everything.

I don't know if it's real or not, if I'd really just spoken to the parents.

It had seemed too intricate to not be real.

My mind wouldn't be able to make up something like that, would it?

Then again, I don't know what Cassius was smoking.

As if on cue, I hear the wolf snort in the bedroom and I make my way out of
the bathroom, finding Cassius on his side now, facing away from me.

MARCO: "Cassius?"

Slowly, I walk around the bed and see that the wolf's eyes, just as red as
mine, are open, staring off into space.

I try again.

MARCO: "Cassius? You okay?"

The wolf mumbles something, not even looking at me.

I walk up to the side of the bed, reaching out tentatively before gently
touching him on the arm.

That seems to jolt him from his daze and he jerks away, gasping in surprise
and fear as he pulls back and looks up at me.

I hold my hands up to show him that I mean no harm, and he stares at me for
what feels like over a minute.

Finally, he mumbles out my name.

CASSIUS: "Marco..."

I nod slowly, not wanting to make any sudden movements.

MARCO: "Yes, I'm Marco. You're in the palace, in Amicus's old ro—"

CASSIUS: "I know where I am, idiot."

Seems like he's returning to his old self.

MARCO: "Well, that's good. You had a pretty bad reaction to...whatever that
    was."

Cassius is pushing himself up to a sitting position, doing it slowly just
like I had.

He lets his head hang for a while, probably going through the same dizzy
spells I'd just experienced.

I wait patiently, deciding to move back over to the sofa while I do.

His ears perk up as I sit down, and he looks back up at me.

CASSIUS: "What are you doing?"

I frown.

MARCO: "What do you mean?"

CASSIUS: "I mean why are you still here? You may leave."

MARCO: "Uh, I guess I could. I just want to make sure you're okay first."

Cassius lets out a soft, indignant snort.

CASSIUS: "You think I believe that? You're dismissed."

I give him an incredulous look.

MARCO: "Seriously? First of all, this is Amicus's room, second, I'm a
    Khemian. I don't see you ordering Neferu around like that."

This time Cassius lets out a louder snort.

CASSIUS: "Ha! He's royalty, and an actual Khemian, you think that I'd pay
    you the same—"

MARCO: "Khemians see all their citizens as equals. I'm worth just as much
    as he is in their eyes."

Instead of snapping back, Cassius just lowers his head, eyes closed before
he lets out a deep, forlorn sigh.

CASSIUS: "I'm tired, if you wish to antagonize me please leave it for
    another time."

I've been pushing the boundaries with Cassius on purpose to see what the
limits are, and I'm getting more comfortable conversing with him without
fear.

Still, I'm a bit taken aback at Cassius's sudden tone of defeat.

It's one that I haven't heard often.

We're both silent for a minute or so, then I finally speak up.

MARCO: "Um...so what was that? That smoke stuff? It was a drug, right?"

Cassius is silent for a bit longer, and I wonder if he's going to ask me to
leave again, but instead he just sighs and finally looks up, his eyes
looking a bit more clear now.

CASSIUS: "It's called *somni*, a plant from the southern region of this
    continent. It helps us connect to the parents."

MARCO: "Yeah...you said it's the traditional way?"

CASSIUS: "The old way, yes. Usually we communicate through parental tech,
    but as you know, they're not currently speaking to with us with that
    method."

MARCO: "Sooo...this forces it to happen?"

CASSIUS: "In a way."

MARCO: "Does it work?"

Cassius glares at me.

CASSIUS: "You would know. You were there."

I go silent, that statement coming as a surprise to me.

I'd seen Cassius, of course, but I'd thought it had only been part of the
hallucination.

MARCO: "You...saw me?"

CASSIUS: "Oh please, simian...or whatever the hell you are. You're only
    trying to humiliate me further. I was right next to you."

So that had been real?

I sit back on my hands, contemplating all of this.

I've read about DMT experiences back on Earth, how if you break through,
you can meet extra-dimensional beings that tell you the secrets of the
universe.

I would have considered my experience to be all in my head, but if Cassius
was actually there...

I notice then that Cassius is looking very closely at me, gauging my
expression.

MARCO: "What?"

CASSIUS: "He spoke to you, didn't he? What did he say?"

MARCO: "Uhhh..."

I try to think of what to say.

If this is real, then I doubt telling Cassius everything will help me out
in any way.

He must see the hesitation on my face, because his fur bristles.

CASSIUS: "The emperor demands you tell him what they told you!"

I glance up at Cassius, feeling less and less afraid of him with every
threat he sends my way.

He really is all bark and no bite.

MARCO: "He just sort of asked me what I was doing there. That's it."

Cassius glares at me before finally seeming defeated once again, looking
down.

MARCO: "But he seemed okay with me being here. He was a monitor too. I
    don't think Amicus is in trouble."

Cassius shakes his head.

CASSIUS: "I don't trust anything he said. He was a demon."

I sigh.

MARCO: "What did they say to *you*? You looked pretty scared."

CASSIUS: "I was not scared!"

I let out an involuntary laugh before I can stop it.

CASSIUS: "Damn you! I was simply unprepared for the experience; it was much
    more intense than the previous one I had. That's all."

Cassius looks at the ground again, and I can see that the insides of his
ears are a burning red.

I know that laughing at him was a shitty move on my part.

I should be working to get him on my side, to help Amicus.

I make an effort to get my expression under control.

MARCO: "Listen, I'm not against you Cassius. Actually, I think we're
    working together here. I'm just...trying to figure out how best to help
    your brother."

Cassius continues to stare silently at the floor, though I see an ear
twitch as if acknowledging what I'd just said.

MARCO: "If we're going to work together, we need to be at least a little
    bit honest with each other. Maybe I could help you figure some stuff
    out."

I realize how hypocritical that is, especially considering that I'm hiding
what the parents had just told me.

Cassius lets out a skeptical huff.

CASSIUS: "You, help me?"

MARCO: "Yes."

Cassius seems to contemplate, then shakes his head.

CASSIUS: "Well, nothing there could help us. They simply torment me when I
    try to communicate with them."

MARCO: "Torment?"

CASSIUS: "They appear as demons and taunt me. It seems that the parents
    truly do want to cut off contact with us...which I'm fine with."

Cassius says that last bit with such meek defiance that I almost feel sorry
for him.

MARCO: "Maybe it was just the drug? I've heard plenty of stories of people
    freaking out on mind-altering stuff, especially if they have problems
    with anxiety—"

CASSIUS: "I do not have a weak mind, Marco."

MARCO: "Th—that doesn't mean you have a weak mind, sometimes you just—"

CASSIUS: "Enough. I will not have you speculating about my mental
    capacities."

This time I'm the one sighing, wondering for the hundredth time how the
hell this wolf is Amicus's brother.

MARCO: "So they didn't say anything to you?"

Cassius pauses, a frown tugging at the corners of his mouth.

CASSIUS: "No."

I raise an eyebrow at him.

CASSIUS: "What? Of course they said things to me, but nothing useful."

MARCO: "You sure?"

CASSIUS: "Of course I'm sure! The parents have turned on us. That's all
    that I need to know."

I think back to the conversation we'd had in the hallucination.

The monitor had told both of us that Cassius isn't the emperor, and if
Cassius had heard what I heard, then that's probably what he's thinking
about right now.

But I know now isn't the time to challenge him, and I can tell that he's
still trying to recover from the trip.

Still, looking at him right now, staring at the ground, looking disheveled
and defeated...I feel myself wanting to help him.

Out of everyone on this moon, he seems to be the most stressed out, and I
feel bad for him despite everything that's happened.

But I know he doesn't want my pity right now.

So, I eventually leave Cassius alone on the bed and wander back out into
the halls, feeling as if weeks had past since I'd last been out here.

I think back to what that dragon-like creature had told me, about how I'm
here for a reason, that this has all been planned out.

Planned out by parents who seem to be completely frustrated at the behavior
of the wolves and their inability to follow through on their "plans".

For a brief moment, I wonder how much more smoothly things would have gone
if I'd been abducted by someone like Neferu and taken to somewhere like
Khemia.

But then I wouldn't have met Amicus.

Besides, it seems like it's just the wolves that are giving the parents
problems, not the other siblings.

Which reminds me of the only bit of advice that the parents had given me;
"watch the cat".

Spy on Alexios.

That's something that I think I can do, if I'm careful.

Despite the new level of scrutiny I've fallen under, I've also been walking
around the halls of the palace for the past few days without incidence.

I've even come across Cato a few times, but for whatever reason, he's
completely ignored me.

All for the better.

So, I start to scour the palace for the cat.

He's actually pretty hard to find when he's not looking for you, but I at
least know that he's usually in the gardens, if not in the hallways
watering the plants.

So after eating a quick lunch, I decide to start my search in the gardens.

I look back and forth through the foliage as I walk quietly along the
various pathways.

It's quiet, pleasant, and peaceful, but after everything that's happened,
it has an ominous edge to it, like something could jump out at me at any
moment.

I do this for about half-an-hour before I start to realize how fruitless
this search might be.

Alex would be hard to find even if he *was* out here, and besides, he could
even be all the way out in the city doing his "ambassador work", whatever
that is.

Just as I'm about to give up though, I hear something.

Sniffling, gasping, and...crying?

I pause, listening.

It's a bit difficult to hear through the slight rustling of leaves in the
wind, but there's definitely someone out here that sounds upset.

I can't really tell who it might be since it sounds like they're trying to
keep quiet.

That, and there's another sound too; another voice, and this one I
recognize.

Alex.

It's a soft murmuring sound, like he's soothing someone, probably the
person who's crying.

I wait there a few moments, waiting to see if the sound fades or gets
closer which would tell me if they're moving, but it stays constant.

So, convinced that they're sitting down, or at least standing in the same
spot, I creep closer to where the sound is coming from.

It's in a secluded part of the garden, coming from a small square that's
surrounded by trees and bushes.

I'm familiar with this square, the one with the statue of Drusus, where I'd
been laid out to die.

I know that I can't use the little path that leads to the statue; I'd be
seen for sure, so I walk up to the bushes that surround it and start
looking for a break in the various branches and leaves.

The sobbing sound continues, and I can hear Alex's voice more clearly now.

I still can't quite tell exactly what he's saying, but I catch the
occasional "don't worry" and, "all is well".

I can't imagine what's happening in there.

I start to wonder if this is exactly what the parents had hoped I would
come across, and my heart starts to hammer in my chest.

Am I about to find something that's going to help me out of the mess we're
in?

I finally find a thinner coverage in the foliage and I'm able to see
through.

First, I see Alex, his back to me, crouched on the ground in front of the
statue.

He's draped over something...someone, hugging them, his face pressed to the
side of their head.

I can only see their ears and parts of their shoulder, but I know right
away that it's Cassius.

He's got his head bowed deeply toward the ground, his paws to his face,
shaking with his sobs.

Alex hugs him tightly, whispering into his ear, clearly trying to comfort
him.

Cassius only responds with an occasional shake of his head before finally
blurting out;

CASSIUS: "But am I a fraud?"

His voice squeaks uncharacteristically on the last word and Alex responds
with a gentle "shh" before nuzzling the wolf's muzzle.

I watch for a few more moments before drawing back, feeling uncomfortable,
knowing that this is a private moment between the two of them.

I know now that this won't exactly help me in any way aside from making me
feel even worse for Cassius.

Still, I've found Alex, so I move away, toward a bench that's further up
the path, one that gives me a good view of the entrance to the square and
at a distance that won't make me seem suspicious.

A good ten minutes pass before there's any movement.

First, Cassius comes out, in the process of straightening out his armor,
his expression blank as he stalks off up the path, away from me.

I wait a while...a good while, maybe another five minutes, wondering if
Alex somehow took a different exit from the square.

But at that moment, I see him walk out, looking completely neutral as he
looks around.

I freeze up, positive that he's about to see me even though that would be
okay, but he instead walks straight ahead, toward the pond.

I watch him go for a while, then follow.

It feels strange trying to spy on the pet ambassador like this, especially
when I have no idea what I'm doing.

But this is the only hint I was given to free Amicus, and if this is the
only way, then I'm going to do it.

I find the cat at the pillars, already pulling away at the weeds.

I sigh and wait, watching for a while, realizing that this could last hours
since Alex always seemed to enjoy weeding for some reason.

The cat is so meticulous about gardening here, and I have to wonder why
considering his efforts really wouldn't be all that visible in a garden
this big.

But I remind myself of why I'm here and settle down on another bench, one
that's also a good distance away so that I won't seem too suspicious if he
sees me.

This time, I sit there for a few hours, occasionally adjusting the way I'm
seated as my ass gets sore on the stone bench, and as the sun sets, I
realize how boring spying actually is.

Around the second hour, the sun has completely set, and I debate just
giving up and trying another day.

At that moment, a drone suddenly drifts up to me, making me jump and duck
my head down a little bit, as if that will help hide me from Alex.

COMPUTER: "Neferu requests—"

MARCO: "Shh!"

I hiss at the drone, and Com's voice automatically dips into a whisper and
goes on as if nothing had happened.

COMPUTER: "—your location and if you need his assistance."

Of course, at that exact moment, I see Alex strolling up the path, though
he doesn't move toward the palace.

Instead, he starts walking up the path in my direction and I quickly
stumble off the bench and into the bushes, praying that he didn't see me as
I hide myself amongst the leaves.

The drone follows me, then pauses at the edge of the sidewalk.

I'm reminded that these things probably can't move off of the grid of the
pathways.

Just through the leaves, I can see the damn thing's lights on, stubbornly
waiting for my answer.

At the same time, I hear the soft scraping of Alex's sandals on the pathway
as he moves closer.

Damn it.

It would have been better if I'd just stayed on the bench.

Now this drone is gonna reveal me to Alex while I'm hiding in the bushes
like the most suspicious person in the palace.

I see the green tips of the cat's ears poke above the bushes as he hums
softly.

I crouch lower in the foliage until I can't even see that.

I will the cat to just ignore the drone, but the humming stops and so do
his footsteps, and I know that he's spotted it.

ALEXIOS: "Hmm, do you have a stray drone out here, Com?"

COMPUTER: "All drone machinery are accounted for, Alexios."

ALEXIOS: "What's this one doing?"

I feel my heart stop, swallowing hard.

There's a pause, as if Com is calculating something.

COMPUTER: "That information is classified, Alex."

ALEXIOS: "By whom?"

COMPUTER: "Neferu."

There's a pause, then a chuckle as Alex's footsteps pick up again, moving
further away to my left.

ALEXIOS: "Oh, that jackal."

I'm still holding my breath as I listen to the footsteps fade up the path
before slowly rising up from my crouch, glaring at the drone.

MARCO: "Tell Neferu that I'm busy, but that I'll be back tonight. I have
    some things to tell him."

COMPUTER: "Message received. Thank you Marco."

MARCO: "Yeah, no problem."

I say it sarcastically as the drone floats off in its slow, lazy way.

At this point, the sun has set completely, and I have to wonder why Alexios
has headed in that particular direction, leading either toward the gates of
the palace, or the lake.

I follow the path slowly, keeping my eyes peeled for the cat.

At first, I'm almost positive that he would be heading for the gate, maybe
on his way to the city.

This would be the end of my little mission since I know I can't leave the
boundaries of the palace without being...hurt somehow, probably killed.

But instead, I spot the cat's form, just barely visible in front of the
lake, its surface glinting from the light of the moon.

I stop and hide behind a tree, making sure that I'm not close to any of the
lamp posts.

I watch as Alex moves around under the little gazebo with the watercrafts
under it.

Sure enough, a few minutes later, he comes gliding out on the Sightseer.

He floats over the shore, then out onto the lake...in the direction of the
island.

I know right away that I'm seeing something important.

There's nothing on the island for the cat to take care of, as far as I
know, and unless he's going out there for a nighttime outing on the beach
(extremely doubtful), then he's definitely doing something suspicious.

I wait for a while, watching as the dark form of the cat and the craft get
smaller and smaller until they basically disappear, out in the direction of
the island.

Of course, I know I can't follow him out there right now, but I can
definitely tell Neferu about it...

Neferu is in his room when I arrive, tapping away at what looks like a
transparent tablet.

It's an odd thing to see considering the non-existence of portable
technology in this palace.

Maybe it's a Khemian thing.

As soon as he sees me though, the display slides back into into the small
metal bar that it had been projecting out of as he turns to face me.

NEFERU: "Hello, Marco. You were gone for quite a while."

MARCO: "Uh, yeah."

NEFERU: "Care to share how your visit went with Cassius and, hopefully,
    Amicus?"

It takes me a moment to remember exactly what he's talking about.

After my little trip, everything that happened before it seems so distant.

I try to tell Neferu as much as I remember involving Cassius before the
parent thing, and he seems impressed.

NEFERU: "Hm, I suppose bringing Cassius to our side won't be as difficult
    as I had previously thought. It seems he has similar misgivings about
    Cato."

MARCO: "Yeah, and Amicus is doing okay, just a bit depressed about
    everything that's happening, obviously."

I pause then, which Neferu notices.

NEFERU: "Is there something else that happened?"

I take a deep breath, thinking how best to describe what I went through.

MARCO: "Well, when I was coming back, there was this weird smell coming
    from the meditation room..."

Neferu raises an eyebrow and I go on to explain how I'd ran into Cassius
again, then everything that happened afterwards.

When I finish, the jackal is quiet, just watching me with a narrowed gaze.

This is usually the look he gives me when he's thinking hard about
something, so I give him some time to respond.

When he does, it's hesitant and reserved, not usually something I hear from
Neferu.

NEFERU: "So it was a drug-induced hallucination, yes?"

MARCO: "Well, I guess so, but I think it was real too. Like, Cassius was
    there, and he remembers seeing me with him."

NEFERU: "Hmm..."

MARCO: "What's wrong?"

NEFERU: "Well, that is a very...primitive way to contact the parents. To
    put it bluntly, it does not work. It was a method used in the early
    days, during First Contact between sibling and parent."

NEFERU: "They visited multiple times and in between visits some siblings,
    especially the wolves, would try to contact them again via psychotropic
    drug use. This could occasionally bring visions of higher beings,
    though they were not the parents, of course—"

NEFERU: "—simply imagined beings conjured up by a chemically-imbalanced
    brain."

NEFERU: "This is likely what you experienced."

NEFERU: "To truly contact the parents you must do it through parental tech;
    complicated machinery that is able to transcend dimensions."

NEFERU: "It is usually only usable by a single person, such as the emperor
    for the wolves or the pharaoh for my people."

Neferu stops talking at this point, allowing me to take all that
information in.

So maybe I had imagined it all...even if it had seemed so real.

MARCO: "They told me they had a plan for me and everything."

NEFERU: "Often times such drugs stroke the ego of the user. They make you
    feel as if you are at the center of the universe, as if you are
    important...not saying that you aren't."

MARCO: "Have you tried it before?"

NEFERU: "I've had brushes with such substances in my youth. Good for
    experiencing the fragility of reality and how we perceive it...but
    little else."

MARCO: "I see."

NEFERU: "Still, it sounds like you caught Cassius in a moment of
    vulnerability. He could trust you more because of it, if you treated
    the situation delicately."

MARCO: "Eh, maybe."

I think back to when I saw him crying in front of the statue, but I don't
want to tell Neferu about that, not really feeling it would be all that
useful...or appropriate to share.

But this reminds me of what else the "parents" had said to me.

MARCO: "Well, they also told me something else; to watch Alex."

NEFERU: "Did they now?"

MARCO: "Yeah, and I did. He's been acting weird ever since I got here, so I
    spied on him today and he sailed off to the island in the middle of the
    lake just now."

Neferu's got a strange, knowing smile on his face.

MARCO: "What?"

NEFERU: "I just find it interesting that you have similar suspicions of
    Alex that I did."

MARCO: "What do you mean?"

NEFERU: "I've been studying the cat myself and noticed a few odd things as
    well, including his trips to the island."

I frown.

MARCO: "What? And you didn't tell me?"

NEFERU: "Well, this rather desperate situation we're in only came about
    very recently, and I had little use for this information until now."

MARCO: "Well, what do you think he's doing?"

Neferu shrugs.

NEFERU: "I don't know as I've not yet followed him to the island. You can
    imagine that I'm planning to now that we could use Alex on our side as
    well."

MARCO: "Turn everyone against Cato?"

NEFERU: "Yes."

MARCO: "So if he's doing something...bad, then we would use it as
    blackmail?"

NEFERU: "Essentially. He is the closest person to Cassius and could
    possibly grant us access to classified information."

I sigh, growing weary of all this backstabbing.

MARCO: "If it's the only way to help Amicus, I guess."

NEFERU: "Oh, there are many ways, and I have a last resort plan in place."

I wait, but Neferu doesn't go on.

MARCO: "Which is?"

NEFERU: "Well, considering Amicus's birthright, he still has the ability to
    challenge whoever is on the throne, but—"

MARCO: "Really?"

All this time Amicus could have just challenged Cassius again?

Then I realize that Neferu was about to go on.

MARCO: "But what?"

NEFERU: "A fight to the death, since the wolves love their violence, though
    the emperor would have to accept the challenge."

The thought of that instantly makes me feel sick.

MARCO: "No way."

NEFERU: "Again, last resort. I doubt Amicus would challenge his own
    brother, and I doubt Cassius would accept...at least at the moment."

I can't even begin to contemplate a situation like that, and Neferu quickly
changes the subject.

NEFERU: "Anyway, I should be off. I'd like to catch Alex in the act and
    based on previous observations I've made, I have another hour to do
    so."

I blink in surprise.

MARCO: "Right now? Shouldn't we wait until like...tomorrow night?"

NEFERU: "He only goes once a week. Considering how urgent our situation is,
    I should get this done now."

MARCO: "Can I go too?"

NEFERU: "Marco, remember what I said about needing to keep you safe?"

MARCO: "Yeah, and it's Alex. What's he gonna do?"

NEFERU: "We should be prepared for anything."

MARCO: "Well, I think it's better if we both go, in case something *does*
    happen and you need my help."

Neferu lets out a soft sigh.

NEFERU: "Alright."

I'm surprised by how quickly he gives in.

NEFERU: "I suppose you deserve to be treated as an equal in these plans
    we're making."

NEFERU: "Though if Amicus finds out I'm bringing you on these missions
    he'll have my hide."

MARCO: "I'll let him know I wanted to be part of it."

NEFERU: "Mhm, as if that will convince him. Anyway, let's be off."

MARCO: "Okay."

My excitement picks up as I get to my feet and follow Neferu to the door.

NEFERU: "If we run into anyone, especially Cato, we simply tell them we're
    out for an evening stroll, understood?"

MARCO: "Yep!"

Despite the potentially dangerous situation we're going into, my mood is
lifted knowing that things are finally moving again.

Luckily, there's another Sightseer craft in the gazebo, though it looks
much older and the floor on this one isn't transparent, which I'm fine
with.

I'd rather not gaze into the inky-blackness of the water beneath my feet
while sailing to the island.

Neferu is quiet most of the time, looking confident in everything he does
as he prepares the craft.

Finally, he reaches out his paw to chivalrously pull me on board.

The lake laps quietly around us as we approach the island; a black mass
amongst the ripples of reflected moonlight in the waves.

I immediately spot Alex's craft sitting on the beach near where we'd had
our little picnic all those weeks ago.

We travel a little further up the shore, out of sight of the craft before
we drift onto the beach.

Neferu holds out a paw again to help me down, even though I don't need it.

As I settle on the sand though, he leans in close to whisper in my ear.

NEFERU: "Wait here. Unfortunately, I believe simian footfalls are louder
    than that of a jackal."

MARCO: "Okay...but call me if something happens, or you need help."

I see a smile on Neferu's face, and though it's amused, it's not in a
condescending way at all.

NEFERU: "Of course, my friend."

And with that, the jackal disappears into the night, leaving me with only
the little craft and the gentle sounds of the waves to keep me company.

I don't have to wait long before I hear voices coming from further up the
beach, and I know right away that it's Neferu and Alex.

I wait for a few moments to see if Neferu will call my name.

When he doesn't, I frown and look around before quietly making my way
toward the voices.

It's not like I expect he needs my help, but I don't want to miss anything
important, and I feel like the moment of confrontation with Alex should
involve me.

As I get closer, I'm able to make out the words, and I see that the two of
them are right on the edge of the woods, standing just a few feet apart.

I crouch and hide along the tree line as I listen more closely to what
they're saying.

NEFERU: "—beautiful night. I've always wanted to come to the island to gaze
    at the moon and planet, away from the lights of the palace."

ALEXIOS: "Ohh, I see. It is incredibly beautiful here, isn't it?"

While he's speaking in his typical, pleasant tone, I can definitely tell
that Alex seems a bit nervous, his voice tight and a bit out of breath.

NEFERU: "So..."

ALEXIOS: "Yes?"

Alex looks around nervously.

NEFERU: "I heard you speaking just before I happened upon you. Is there
    someone else with you?"

ALEXIOS: "Me? Oh no, definitely not! You know, it's rather embarrassing,
    but sometimes I just talk to myself."

NEFERU: "Don't be embarrassed, it's something I do as well."

ALEXIOS: "O—oh, I see."

Alex seems to be relaxing a bit under Neferu's treatment, but tenses up
again at the next sentence.

NEFERU: "Though I usually don't whisper to trees. Now THAT is a bit odd."

ALEXIOS: "..."

I see Alex's ears flatten, though I'm a bit confused at the statement.

Whispering to trees?

ALEXIOS: "I—I..."

Alex doesn't seem to have an answer ready and stutters in the most guilty
way imaginable.

Weirdly enough though, he sidles up closer to Neferu.

ALEXIOS: "N—Neferu, you're the one that's acting a bit odd right now, you
    know."

The small cat's demeanor suddenly changes to a more...sultry approach,
relaxing his shoulders and drifting a paw down his body.

It doesn't seem natural at all though, unlike Neferu's smile as he stares
down at the approaching cat.

He's still smiling when Alex reaches up to cup his cheeks and kiss him
right on the lips.

I blink, surprised at the sudden turn this scenario has taken.

Neferu looks anything but surprised though, grinning throughout the kiss as
Alex tries to kiss deeper.

Finally, the cat seems to notice the lack of response from the jackal and
he draws back, frowning.

Neferu shakes his head.

NEFERU: "Oh Alex, you know that's my technique. It will not work on me. Now
    why don't we have a look at that tree?"

Alex freezes up, looking around, and that's when I think he spots me.

ALEXIOS: "Who—who's that?"

Neferu turns his head just slightly in my direction, and that's when Alex
makes his move.

He sends a kick sailing between the jackal's legs, and just as I'm readying
myself to intervene, Neferu's paw is there, solidly stopping the attack.

There's a pause, Neferu holding Alex's leg, forcing him to balance on one
foot as the jackal's smile turns smug.

NEFERU: "What a pity that you're not the first to try such a move on me.
    I've learned people on this moon fight dirty."

Alex squeaks, but balls up a fist anyway, sending a straight punch square
into Neferu's stomach.

It connects with a hollow thud, bouncing off the jackal's abs like they're
made of bricks, Neferu only grunting slightly in response.

NEFERU: "Oof! Now that's a bit more like it!"

Suddenly, Neferu uses a leg to sweep Alex's only foot off the ground,
sending the cat onto his back in the sand.

Neferu follows him down, pinning the cat there, almost engulfing Alex with
his much bigger body.

ALEXIOS: "Ah! Get—get off me! Help!"

Alex spots me as I come out into the open, standing next to the two of
them.

ALEXIOS: "Marco! Help me! The jackal's gone mad!"

I fold my arms and stand over him, and Alex quickly realizes that I'm
definitely not here to help him.

ALEXIOS: "What are you two doing!? I told you I know nothing Marco, why
    must you keep attacking me like this!?"

Alex continues to struggle meekly under the jackal, not even looking like
he's trying to escape.

NEFERU: "Attack *you*? Then why is it *my* stomach that is sore?"

Alex doesn't seem to be listening and tears start brimming in his eyes as
he begins to sob.

Now I'm fully convinced that his sobs in the bathing room were all an act.

NEFERU: "Marco."

I turn my attention back to Neferu who's still smiling as always.

NEFERU: "About ten paces directly in front of me is a large tree, larger
    than the others that surround it. Do you see it?"

I look ahead and immediately see what Neferu's talking about, the tree
noticeably larger than the others, its branches stretching dozens of feet
into the air, the leaves looking like silver in the moonlight.

MARCO: "Yes."

NEFERU: "Go up to it, circle it, see if you can find a hollow."

I do as I'm told, feeling a little apprehensive as I step just inside the
dark woods.

ALEXIOS: "Wait...Neferu, Marco, I don't understand...why are you doing
    this?"

I realize at that moment how much I'm trusting Neferu here.

I have no idea what's happening at all.

The trunk of the tree is thick, enough that I wouldn't be able to touch
hands if I were to hug it.

I start looking for the hollow Neferu described, and as I walk around the
tree, I immediately spot one on the other side of it.

I look into the black hole, feeling a bit nervous at what I might find in
there.

MARCO: "I foun—"

I stop as a tiny, red light in the hollow flares to life with my voice
before fading again.

MARCO: "What the..."

It happens again, pulsing to the sound of my voice.

NEFERU: "You found it?"

MARCO: "Yeah, and there's a little red light in there that's lighting up
    with my voice."

I watch the hypnotic ebb and flow of the light as I speak.

NEFERU: "Thank you, Marco, you may come back now."

Gratefully, I return to the side of my Khemian friend, noticing that Alex's
demeanor has completely changed now.

He's sullen, though almost expressionless as he lays under the jackal, not
even pretending to be trying to escape at this point.

NEFERU: "Well...that settles it, doesn't it, Alex?"

Alex remains silent, staring up at the sky.

MARCO: "What is it?"

Neferu looks up at me.

NEFERU: "Classic Omorfan-parent tech. They often combine plant life and
    machinery to create their gadgets. Rather ingenious, and they've
    recently been sharing their knowledge with us on Khemia."

ALEXIOS: "What a mistake that was."

MARCO: "Wait, but what is it?"

NEFERU: "A communication device; it uses the branches as a massive antenna,
    capable of transmitting information great distances, though it's likely
    transmitting to Adastra City."

NEFERU: "There is likely a second spy there who then beams the information
    through a much more powerful machine...straight to Omorfa."

Neferu grins in Alex's face.

NEFERU: "Isn't that right, Alex?"

Once again, Alex remains silent, seeming to have shut down.

NEFERU: "So, do you want to be the one to tell Cassius, Marco?"

That finally gets a reaction out of Alex, and he stiffens up, fur bristling
out as he snarls at Neferu.

ALEXIOS: "And for what reason, jackal? We're all spies here, including
    you...*especially* you."

NEFERU: "Oh? I have no idea what you're talking about, Alex."

Neferu's tone says otherwise.

Alex continues to glare up at the jackal, his fur starting to lay flat
again.

ALEXIOS: "Oh, you think I'm that stupid? You think I just let you fuck me
    without any regard to your intentions, without studying you? I know why
    you're here, jackal."

NEFERU: "Do enlighten me, *cat*."

ALEXIOS: "You're floundering here, looking to make a name for yourself. The
    Pharaoh practically tossed you off the planet to attempt to cultivate a
    hopeless alliance on Adastra."

Neferu's eyes narrow.

ALEXIOS: "How unfulfilling it must be to be the second-born; unable to
    escape the shadow of your brother, unable to make father proud, stuck
    on this moon getting your balls kicked in by the bigot wolves."

Alex sounds and looks almost unrecognizable.

ALEXIOS: "Even your sisters; the third and fourth-born, have secured
    positions of greater prestige than you."

I see Neferu grip tighter into Alex, but the cat goes on.

ALEXIOS: "In an era when the royal family has already given up so much
    power, you're desperate behind that facade of confidence, terrified of
    withering away into historical insignificance."

ALEXIOS: "You'll be less than a footnote in the Khemian history books."

Neferu isn't smiling anymore, and I can tell that he's been caught off-
guard just as much as me by the cat's complete change in character.

Still, he keeps his hold on the cat, remarking coolly:

NEFERU: "I would choose my words more carefully if I were you, considering
    your position right now. As I was saying, we'll be reporting this to
    the emperor as soon as we return to the palace."

Alex seems to deflate again, apparently satisfied with the hits he'd gotten
in on the jackal.

ALEXIOS: "What do you want?"

NEFERU: "Hm?"

ALEXIOS: "Don't play stupid, what do you want from me? You've known I was a
    spy since you first got here and you're only doing this now because you
    want something."

NEFERU: "Oh, how considerate of you, well..."

Neferu looks up at me.

NEFERU: "What do you think we want, Marco?"

MARCO: "Full access to the archives."

Alex snorts.

ALEXIOS: "I don't have that."

NEFERU: "Then get it. We know how close you are to Cassius. Make something
    up as to why you need it, then grant us access."

ALEXIOS: "For what reason?"

NEFERU: "To help Amicus. Cassius will not be harmed by this. You have until
    next week, otherwise the emperor will know of your treason."

Alex remains quiet, and Neferu seems satisfied with that, pushing off the
cat and getting to his feet.

NEFERU: "Let us be off."

The jackal speaks briskly to me before turning on his heel and making his
way back to the craft.

I look down at Alex, watching as the cat simply stares at the moons, not
even acknowledging me.

The way back is a bit awkward, Neferu quiet, clearly upset.

I haven't really ever seen him like this before, and I have to remind
myself that I probably rarely see the real Neferu.

He's putting on an act just like Alex, just like they both have to.

And though I'm curious about his family situation, I have enough sense not
to pry.

Instead, I ask what I'm most worried about:

MARCO: "What's to stop Alex from betraying us? He could just as easily tell
    Cassius about our plot."

The jackal is staring off into the water, his elbows on the railing of the
Sightseer as he hunches over.

NEFERU: "He won't. He can't bear the thought of  Cassius knowing of his
    betrayal."

The usual confidence and natural smugness that's usually in the jackal's
voice is completely missing, his tone flat.

MARCO: "You sure?"

NEFERU: "Yes. His love for Cassius is almost equal to that of his loyalty
    to Omorfa, which is why I assured him that Cassius wouldn't be harmed
    by our plans. We have little to worry about."

The jackal's mood puts me off from asking any more questions, and we sail
the rest of the way to the palace in silence.

Three days later, Alex is able to gain full access to the archives.

He doesn't explain to us how he did it, instead simply notifying Neferu of
the specific time he'd open the archives for us and to be ready.

I don't have to argue to come along this time, instead Virginia tells me
that I'll need to go if we're to erase my profile from the palace's
database.

Doing this will allow me to leave the palace without being killed by Com;
just another last resort in case things go bad.

Neferu stays behind this time, deciding it to be best considering he's not
exactly needed for what we're about to do.

Alex walks stiffly ahead of us, not speaking or really acknowledging us in
any way.

I find it unnerving after knowing the cat for so long, though Virginia
doesn't seem bothered at all.

We walk to a portion of the palace that I haven't been to very often,
mostly because I was never shown the area.

Alex comes to a door that he presses his hand to, and unlike the other
black panels, this one flashes a green color before the door opens.

We walk inside the room, and I get my first look at the archive.

I guess I'd expected rows of bookshelves, full of some type of digital
storage, or whatever the wolves might use.

Instead, I'm greeted by the sight of a giant, blue, glowing, sphere, with a
honeycomb pattern covering its surface.

What's most striking about it though is the swirling characters that appear
and disappear just over the surface.

They're symbols I don't recognize, not any that I've seen on Adastra
before.

Sitting in front of the floating sphere are two stone dragons, mouths open
in silent snarls.

Alex seems to be in a hurry as he walks up to the globe.

Without hesitation, he sticks his paw into the swirling blue and the
characters and swirls seem to congregate around it before the whole thing
pulses.

This seems to satisfy the cat as he turns away.

ALEXIOS: "That should give you full access. You're on your own from here."

With that, the cat leaves.

I watch him disappear out the door, for the first time feeling a bit sad at
how our relationship has changed.

Virginia remains unbothered though, walking up to the blue sphere as I
follow.

I stand there awkwardly for a moment before clearing my throat.

MARCO: "So what is this thing?"

VIRGINIA: "The archive."

MARCO: "Yeah, but it looks—"

VIRGINIA: "It's parental, yes, and no, I don't know how it works. It was
    also used as the method of communication with the parents before they
    ceased contact, hence the meditation pillow."

Virginia gestures at the pillow before she leans forward slightly, a streak
of blue light wrapping around her head briefly before she leans back.

VIRGINIA: "It connects to the host's brain, similar to the lingua and
    operates on mind-control."

MARCO: "Wow."

VIRGINIA: "Yes, I haven't used it often, but it's fairly easy to control.
    You'll find out soon enough."

MARCO: "Oh."

I feel a bit nervous, but Virginia focuses back on the blue globe.

Suddenly, a small screen appears over the sphere, and I see what looks like
the amphitheater.

VIRGINIA: "Hmmm...what day was the final trial?"

I'm about to answer when suddenly Virginia just waves me into silence,
focusing on the screen again.

I see the scene change to a bloody sunset, and I feel the same anxiety I'd
felt that day as I see Cato and Amicus appear on the screen, followed by me
and Cassius.

The angle is high, and the scene is a bit distant, probably from the
palace, but I can make everyone out clearly.

Cassius strips and hurries down the steps to the amphitheater, and I want
to look away, but don't as Cato turns on Amicus and punches him in the
face.

Virginia's reaction is small but noticeable, clearly surprised by Cato's
brutality.

What follows is the awkward, staged posing, and the pin.

Then, the footage of me using the nervo on Cassius.

This is followed by Amicus tearing off Cato's visor.

After that, I run off-screen, and I get to watch as drones descend on
Amicus and he suddenly goes limp as they, I assume, stun him.

Virginia watches all of this with an open mouth until Amicus is escorted
away and Cato is picked up by a small ship that lands in the middle of the
amphitheater.

Then she shakes her head.

VIRGINIA: "Males..."

Virginia sighs out in frustration as the screen fades.

MARCO: "So you got the footage?"

VIRGINIA: "I've filed it away to a domain accessible by both me and Neferu.
    We'll figure out a way to use it delicately."

MARCO: "And the investigation into the crash?"

This is something that I'd brought up to Virginia and Neferu before we came
here, even though both seemed skeptical that it could be useful in any way.

That even Cato wouldn't be so devious as to kill his own friend, a friend
that happened to be the emperor.

Even now, Virginia sighs as if it's an annoying inconvenience, but focuses
for a moment until she seems satisfied.

VIRGINIA: "Done, all documents related to the investigation are now in the
    same location. We'll go over it later...well, at least you and Neferu
    can."

There's a momentary pause.

MARCO: "Well, that was easy."

VIRGINIA: "What did you expect? Parental tech makes everything fast and
    easy."

MARCO: "Yeah, I suppose."

VIRGINIA: "So...are you ready to use it?"

MARCO: "I—I think so."

Virginia smiles at me.

VIRGINIA: "Don't worry, it's easy. Simply keep your mind clear of anything
    except your objective; your profile and how it should be wiped clean
    from the archive."

MARCO: "My profile..."

I try to think up how I should imagine a profile, but Virginia stops me.

VIRGINIA: "You're already thinking too much. Just this; your profile, wipe
    it from the archives."

I swallow hard, but allow Virginia to gently push me forward until one of
the tendrils touches my head.

It's a cool feeling at first, then suddenly my body seize up involuntarily
as it feels like my entire brain twitches.

VIRGINIA: "Keep focused on your objective."

My profile, gone...my profile, erase it...my profile...delete from the
archives...

A dagger, screams, pain, blood, hissing breath, spurting red, absolute
anguish—

AMICUS: "Marco! No, please! Don't leave me here! Please, come back to me!
    You can't leave me to be alone like this!"

Amicus screams right into my ear, and I've never heard him sound like this
before.

It's horrible, and I know I need to comfort him, to tell him I'm not
leaving, but my voice is gone and air hisses from my throat.

AMICUS: "No, no, no...speak to me!"

Amicus's voice rises in pitch, panicking, becoming desperate.

Then it all stops.

...

MONITOR: "You can prevent this..."

...

MONITOR: "But only if you submit yourself to the benevolent will of the
    parents...

...

MONITOR: "Will you?"

Yes

    ...

No

    ...

I gasp and pull back, head reeling.

I feel soft but strong paws grip me around the shoulders.

VIRGINIA: "Are you alright?"

I look around, wide-eyed, feeling almost sick as that weird feeling of
control in brain suddenly leaves.

MARCO: "I—"

I don't know what to say, and Virginia glances back at the sphere.

VIRGINIA: "Might not be suited to a simian brain. Com?"

COMPUTER: "Yes Virginia?"

VIRGINIA: "Locate Marco's profile."

COMPUTER: "There is no such profile archived."

VIRGINIA: "Well, you did it at least. Let's get you back to Neferu's room."

We walk through the halls, Virginia having to help because of my unsteady
feet.

I'm stunned, feeling as if I'd just come up from another drug trip.

But it's not what I felt, or even the visions of violence that have me
shaken up.

It's Amicus's screams of despair that linger in my head...

I have to see him as soon as possible.

I have to make sure he's all right.

AMICUS: "Mmmh, you smell so good..."

Amicus has me pinned to the floor on the little blanket that I brought with
me.

He's smothering me with his big body, grinding down against me as he licks
and nips at my neck.

I haven't even been here more than a minute.

MARCO: "W—wait, what if...what if Com sees..."

I gasp around the licks and Amicus responds by holding my head in his giant
paws, keeping me steady as he starts to push his hips against me, his
thighs forcing my legs upward.

Amicus mumbles into my throat.

AMICUS: "Then let him watch."

Com isn't watching, as far as I know.

Somehow I'd been able to convince Cassius to give us more privacy.

Actually, I think I'd just grossed him out when I'd asked, wrinkling his
nose as he instructed Com to keep the drone at the top of the ladder this
time.

At that moment, I feel the wolf's hard length pressing at my ass, and even
though I'm in my underwear and robes, I pull back.

MARCO: "Whoa, not now, Amicus!"

Amicus goes on nuzzling me, moving to my face and locking lips with me for
several seconds while he continues to push his hips against me.

He finally pulls back a little.

AMICUS: "I know, I'm just playing around a little. I've been down here too
    long. I love you, everything about you."

MARCO: "Clearly."

That's all I'm able to say before he starts to kiss me again, licking and
sucking and I'm at least glad that it tastes like they're providing him
with that mouthwash stuff down here.

I've never seen Amicus so horny before, which is saying something, his paws
gripping and stroking at me almost desperately as his muzzle kisses every
inch of my neck and face.

He pushes his body down against mine, his considerable chest and belly
crushing me flat against the ground.

But when his muzzle starts dipping down lower, snuffling against my chest
and under my robes, I decide that I've had enough.

I reach around to grab his upraised rear, getting a handful of thick, furry
ass as my fingers squeeze dangerously close to the spot under his tail.

Predictably, Amicus gasps in surprise and pulls back, quickly sitting up so
that his rear is safely pressed against the blanket and I have room to
finally sit up myself.

AMICUS: "What was that for?"

MARCO: "For not letting me catch my breath. And I know you don't like
    things near your butt."

AMICUS: "Well, emperors shouldn't have things near their butt."

I roll my eyes at his silly, but understandable insecurity, and crawl up to
Amicus to sit in his lap, the wolf eagerly pulling me in.

AMICUS: "I love you."

MARCO: "I love you too."

Amicus rubs his paws up and down my arms and shoulders, still just feeling
me out.

AMICUS: "I can't wait to get out of here. No more hiding when I'm emperor.
    I'm going to show you the real Adastra. Being stuck behind these walls
    is not how the emperor's beautiful lover should be treated."

I touch back, pressing my hands over his paws and resting my head against
his chest, listening to the rumble of his voice.

MARCO: "Oh? And what's the real Adastra?"

Amicus pulls his paw away for just a moment to wave it dismissively before
returning it to press against my chest.

AMICUS: "These politics...it doesn't represent the moon's true face. I need
    to take you to other cities and landscapes. The people are vastly
    different too, from region to region."

MARCO: "Mmmh."

I listen to him contentedly for a few minutes, happy to just hear him speak
again, reminded of how easy it is for us to just talk to each other.

And we actually have time to talk.

Cato is in a different city on official business, so Cassius had granted us
at least a little more time than the last visit.

Amicus rocks back and forth as I pet the fur on his chest, listening to his
heartbeat.

It's clear that they allow him to bathe down here, but the lack of any
perfume leaves only the slight smell of his natural musk.

While I miss the lavender smell I'm used to, I don't mind the masculine
scent he's giving off, especially after our little reunion just now.

I want to sit here forever, feeling completely calm and safe for the first
time this week.

I know it has to end though, and there's so much to tell the wolf, so I
pull back, looking up at Amicus's face.

MARCO: "Amicus?"

AMICUS: "Yes?"

MARCO: "I need to talk to you about something."

AMICUS: "Go on."

Amicus leans down, pressing his nose against my hair and inhaling deeply.

MARCO: "It's...about the parents, I think. I need to talk to you about
    something they showed me."