I plunge into the water with a splash, the cold taking my breath away in an
instant.

Immediately, I realize the mistake of jumping into the lake with a heavy
robe.

I'm able to kick out of the loose fitting garment within a few seconds
though, and I start swimming around the edge of the balcony, toward the
shore.

It's not that far, but I start to worry as I feel my arms and legs burn
from the strain, and even though the beach is right in front of me, it
seems to take longer than it should for my feet to touch ground.

Just as I feel my limbs start to give out, I feel the sandy bottom of the
lake against my toes.

I gasp with relief, struggling through the deeper end of the shallows
before stumbling to my hands and knees, forcing myself to move forward
until I reach the beach.

Even now, in this moment of desperation, I have to lay out in the sand for
a moment, gasping for breath as I feel my numbed limbs come slowly back to
life.

I suppose all the anxiety and no food all day have left me feeling weak.

I finally realize how exposed I am out here, how easy it would be for
someone to see me from the gardens, or even from the windows of the palace.

With a grunt, I force myself to roll over and start crawling for the
treeline in the garden so that I can at least have some cover.

As I crouch there in just my underwear, still trying to catch my breath, I
realize how quiet it is out here.

Again, it's a striking contrast to how violently things had changed just
hours ago.

Finally, after a deep breath, I start pushing my way through the gardens,
walking through the foliage rather than using the paths.

I doubt anyone's taking a garden stroll considering what's happened, but
the one thing I've learned is that no one's predictable here.

So I try to keep hidden, using the large, exotic-looking plants as cover
before leaping across paths and ducking into the plant-life again.

As I get closer to the palace, I try to think about how I'm going to do
this.

With any luck, no one's actually in the palace.

It would make sense after what happened.

If anyone IS in the palace, I just have to hope they aren't Cato.

There's also the problem of actually getting Amicus out of the dungeons.

While I might be blind to Com, Amicus definitely isn't.

I need to get to Neferu.

He would definitely know about what's happened by now.

Maybe we could come up with a plan if he doesn't have one already.

He always seems to know what to do...well, usually.

I just have to hope that something hasn't happened to him.

So, as I come up to the palace entrance, I look around, the quiet starting
to become unnerving.

I don't see anyone so, swallowing hard, I jog through the entrance of the
palace.

The cool air of the hallways hits my damp skin and makes me shiver, both
from the cold and the tension.

I'm sure to keep close to the walls, always looking ahead to a doorway or
pillar that I can duck behind in case I see someone.

Luckily, that doesn't happen, and I'm more and more convinced that no one
is actually here.

Before I know it, I'm coming up on the hall that holds Neferu's room.

My breathing quickens as I get closer to the door, knowing that I'll feel a
lot better if I can just have some guidance.

I've been here for a while and I've gotten used to the way of things, but
I'm completely out of my element now.

I make it to the door and reach out, pressing the panel to slide it open.

The room is empty.

I stare for a moment, as if doing that will make the jackal magically
appear back in his bed where I last saw him.

Then I see something on the floor:

Green shards of shattered glass; wine bottles knocked from the table to the
floor.

An ominous feeling starts to blossom in my chest as I note the purplish-red
stains amongst the glass, the spilled wine dried from how long it's been
there.

I swallow again to wet my throat, looking to the ceiling, about to call out
to Com and ask for Neferu's location before stopping myself.

I don't know if actually alerting Com to my location is a good idea.

I'm pretty sure the security portion of the AI is separate from the rest of
Com, but I don't want to chance it.

I stand there for a moment, unsure of what to do now.

I could go around the palace looking for the jackal.

He could be anywhere, really.

But seeing the glass, knowing what's happened...

...I'm just denying what's obvious here.

I just have to hope that he's okay, wherever he's been taken.

I lean against the frame of the door for a moment, trying to think of what
to do next.

I could look for Virginia, but I have no idea where her room might be.

Besides, if the state of Neferu's room is anything to go by, I wouldn't be
surprised if she's been taken somewhere against her will as well.

Cato probably knows everything about what we were planning.

There's really no other choice but to go into the dungeons, tell Amicus
about what's happened, then maybe he'll know what to do.

Just as I'm turning to go back out into the hall though, I hear footsteps.

I quickly draw back into the room, reaching up to the panel to shut the
door again.

Before I do though, I hear something else.

The sound of muttering in a very familiar voice.

I linger just inside the room, listening as the voice draws closer.

ALEXIOS: "Oh dear, oh Galen, this is too much...too much!"

I grit my teeth, listening as the cat comes closer, sounding like he's
alone.

I suddenly make up my mind as to what I'm going to do next.

ALEXIOS: "I'm going to be killed...I'm going to be killed...what was I
    THINKING!?"

At that moment, the cat passes the doorway.

He's got his paws up to the sides of his face, too busy staring at the
ground to even notice me.

He's close enough that all I have to do is reach out and grab him by the
straps of his robe before yanking him into the room as hard as I can.

Immediately, the cat shrieks, the sound bending comically with the force of
my tug.

I swing him around toward the middle of the room before turning around to
quickly shut the door.

Alex is still yelling as he tumbles to the ground, rolling several times
before coming to a stop next to the shattered bottles.

He curls up there, covering his face as he cowers on the ground.

ALEXIOS: "Wait! Wait! I'm sorry for whatever it is that I did!"

The cat continues to grovel before finally peeking through his paws to look
up at me.

He goes quiet, though he remains fetal, as if deciding if he should still
be scared or not.

Suddenly, he seems to make up his mind and quickly stands, brushing off
imaginary dust as he fixes his face into one of bland disinterest.

ALEXIOS: "Oh Marco, I thought you might be someone else. My apologies."

I glare.

ALEXIOS: "What reason did you have for grabbing me so roughly?"

MARCO: "No, no more bullshitting from you. What the hell is going on?"

The cat finally stops fidgeting and faces me, though he doesn't make eye
contact, staring at the door behind me instead.

ALEXIOS: "Well, I'm sure you already know that, don't you? I'm surprised
    Cato let you out, to be honest."

Something about Alex's demeanor, not only the way he's acting now, but the
way he's been acting for the past month, gets to me at that moment.

I step forward suddenly, and though I want to hit him, I settle with just
giving him a hard shove in the chest that sends him stumbling back with a
noisy slapping of his sandals on the stone floor.

MARCO: "What the FUCK, Alex!?"

He windmills his arms, trying to catch his balance, and when he finally
does, he brings his paws up to his chest, his ears pinned back and claws
unsheathed.

I don't know if Alex is any good at fighting, but I'd rather not get raked
by those things, so I hold off on giving him another shove.

Besides, he's looking scared again, staring at me wide-eyed.

ALEXIOS: "D—don't touch me!"

I grit my teeth, forcing myself not to do it again.

MARCO: "Then tell me what it is that you're doing. Why did you do this?"

ALEXIOS: "What?"

This time I step forward and raise my fist threateningly, and immediately
the cat covers his face, cowering.

I realize then that Alex probably doesn't have any fighting skills at all.

That he might actually be a coward rather than just pretending to be one.

This realization cools my desire to really hurt the cat.

Instead, I just wait again until Alex lowers his paw, looking at me with
fear.

I guess that's a good thing.

Amicus had told me in the past that the few sapient primates in the
*Galaxias* are really only known for a few things, one being that they
can't swim, and the other being their incredible strength.

I suppose it's a good reputation to have, even if it's not true for humans,
but Alex wouldn't know that.

I take another threatening step forward.

MARCO: "TELL me."

ALEXIOS: "Alright!"

I'm surprised by the cat's sudden exclamation, his eyes screwed shut as he
raises his paws to his head fur, tugging at it in distress.

ALEXIOS: "I'll tell you whatever it is you want if you just leave me alone!
    I'm tired of this goddamn palace and psychopathic wolves and half-
    developed children!"

I ignore that jab at me, staring at the cat, waiting.

ALEXIOS: "I'll probably be deported soon anyway...if not executed."

The cat's voice catches in his throat, and he raises a paw to his mouth,
seemingly about to cry again.

He really is scared, and that gives me an idea.

MARCO: "Listen...I'm trying to help Amicus to his rightful place on the
    throne...maybe if you help me out, and Amicus does become emperor, I
    can work something out for you. You know how close the two of us are."

I wait as he tries to gather himself, clasping his paws together before
simply looking at the ground.

He doesn't say anything though, so I sigh.

MARCO: "Why did you tell Cato about our plan?"

Alex echoes my sigh, looking away off to the side.

ALEXIOS: "I—there's a lot of *Galaxias* politics that you wouldn't
    understand Marco—"

MARCO: "Well, simplify it for me, then. I might be 'half-developed', but I
    think I'm starting to get the hang of how things work around here."

ALEXIOS: "A—And if I tell you, you'll help me leave this cursed moon?"

I grit my teeth.

MARCO: "...Yes."

Alex side-eyes me before shaking his head.

ALEXIOS: "I was...I became a pet for a single reason, not for
    ambassadorial, or Adastra-Omorfa relations...not even to gather
    intelligence—"

ALEXIOS: "I mean, originally that *was* my purpose, but I became close to
    Cassius over the course of several official meetings and dinners."

ALEXIOS: "My department took notice and...and altered my assignment."

The cat goes quiet again.

MARCO: "Alright, then what are you here for now?"

Alex takes a deep breath and looks me in the eye.

ALEXIOS: "Chaos."

I wait, but that's all the cat says.

I frown at him.

MARCO: "You're...here to create chaos?"

Alex's voice suddenly becomes monotonous.

ALEXIOS: "An unstable government creates an unstable society."

ALEXIOS: "Progress is stalled and outward endeavors turn inward. The
    society worries less about what is happening outside their borders
    while becoming more concerned with their own issues."

It's like he's reciting something that he's heard many times before.

Thinking about it, the explanation seems to have some reason to it.

Alex's seemingly senseless decisions, shifting alliances, and general odd
behavior could be explained by this.

He's only here to make things more difficult for the wolves to integrate
back into the *Galaxias*.

To prevent them from progressing out of the technological and economic
slump they're currently in.

He's not just against me, Amicus, Cassius, or even Cato, but rather all of
us at once.

I think about the billowing smoke over Adastra City, what's probably
happening to dozens of cities right now, and I suddenly feel an
overwhelming feeling of disgust for the cat in front of me.

A lot of things have happened on this moon that bothered me, but this
particular act of sabotage is probably the worst.

Just something about how careless it is; not knowing what will even happen,
just that it will hurt the empire, the people...

Alex sees the look on my face and quickly takes a step back, looking away.

ALEXIOS: "I understand that it may seem harsh, but it is my duty to Omorfa
    and the *Galaxias* as a whole to keep us safe from Adastra. You...if
    you knew the history—"

MARCO: "I assume you started the rumors about the triumvirates, then pinned
    it on me?"

ALEXIOS: "I—I...I may have started the rumors, but I never implicated you."

MARCO: "But you knew that would happen."

Alex opens his mouth, then shuts it, looking away again.

MARCO: "And after I woke up in the gardens, told you about the doctor...you
    probably told Cato about our relationship then, too."

Alex frowns deeply, taking another step back, looking almost like a child
that got caught doing something wrong.

I feel my face grow hot, not really confident anymore that I'll be able to
hold myself back from caving this cat's face in.

Maybe later...but this isn't important right now, even if this creature in
front of me is responsible for half my troubles...if not all of them.

MARCO: "Where is Neferu, or Virginia?"

Alex looks surprised for a moment at the sudden shift in conversation.

ALEXIOS: "Well...Virginia is to be married to Cato later today—"

My stomach lurches at that, but before I can even start to comprehend what
that means, Alex goes on.

ALEXIOS: "As for Neferu, well...you don't know?"

MARCO: "I've been locked in Amicus's room all day. I don't know anything."

ALEXIOS: "Ah well...Neferu is scheduled to be executed, I think..."

I stare.

MARCO: "What, when!?"

ALEXIOS: "I—I'm not completely sure, I woke up alone in the dining room and
    saw it on the news channels."

MARCO: "No, when is he being executed?"

ALEXIOS: "I don't know...it was going to be sometime today."

MARCO: "But it hasn't happened yet, right!?"

ALEXIOS: "I—I—I don't kn—"

MARCO: "COM!"

I cut Alex off, not caring anymore about alerting Com to my location.

COMPUTER: "Yes, Marco?"

MARCO: "Has Neferu been executed?"

There's a pause.

For a moment, all I can hear is my heartbeat hammering in my ears, and for
a surreal moment, I feel like I'm going to pass out and I have to square my
stance to make sure I don't go falling over.

The pause seems longer than normal, like Com is having trouble finding the
information that I asked for, then—

COMPUTER: "Here's what I found: The execution of Neferu, the Pharaoh's
    second son, is to take place in the royal amphitheater on the
    fourteenth hour for crimes of espionage and conspiracy to murder
    Emperor Cassius."

COMPUTER: "The execution will be broadcast live on all public—"

MARCO: "How much time until the fourteen hour!?"

COMPUTER: "Fourteen minutes and thirty-one seconds."

MARCO: "SHIT!"

What the hell am I supposed to do?

That's not enough time at all.

Even if I can get to Amicus, I can't get him out in time before—"

MONITOR: "*...the cat...*"

I turn my eyes on Alex, and he immediately backs away again, trembling.

MARCO: "Can you get Amicus out of the dungeons?"

ALEXIOS: "I—I—"

In that moment I almost slap him, but I stubbornly force my shaking hands
to stay at my sides.

MARCO: "Can you fucking get him out, or not?"

ALEXIOS: "I...think so. Cassius gave me almost unlimited access to Com's
    security—"

My heart leaps in my chest.

MARCO: "Then let's go down there and get him the hell out."

I turn to the door, but notice Alex is still frozen in the same place.

The look on my face makes him cringe again.

ALEXIOS: "Y—yes, but...you won't let him imprison, or execute me if I do?"

MARCO: "Alex...*I* will kill you right now if you don't fucking do what I
    tell you!"

The cat jumps and yelps as I scream at him, scrambling to head out the door
with me hot on his heels.

The cat was at least right about one thing:

I would never be able to be a "diplomat" if that's what he really is.

I follow as closely to the cat as possible, practically stepping on his
heels.

Alex is clearly aware of it as his ears twitch back and forth nervously,
trying to inconspicuously glance back at me every now and then.

Halfway to the dungeons though, the PSA system crackles over our heads.

COMPUTER: "Citizens of Adastra; please prepare for an imperial address by
    Emperor Cato."

Alex looks back, but I force him to keep going with some prodding in his
back, praying that maybe this won't have to do with the execution, or that
Cato might be canceling it all together.

Of course, that's not the case.

CATO: "Citizens, it is a momentous day in the long history of our glorious
    moon."

I shove at Alex's back again.

MARCO: "Just run."

Alex does as he's told, though it's still not as fast as I'd like to go.

CATO: "After 10,000 years, we are finally choosing our own path, we are
    taking control of our destiny."

I'm beginning to realize that after waiting for so long, unsure of what my
own destiny might be...

...It's going to be decided today, no matter what the outcome might be.

CATO: "And that begins with showing our fellow siblings that we will no
    longer tolerate their belittling, their false sense of superiority,
    their arrogance..."

Alex and I come up on the door that leads down to the dungeon and the cat
awkwardly starts climbing down the ladder, having a great deal of trouble
with his robes.

CATO: "...and we especially will not tolerate spies, which I have kneeling
    before me as I speak."

MARCO: "Hurry!"

I yell at the cat as I start sliding down the ladder myself, almost
knocking him off as we reach the ground at almost the same time.

CATO: "The Offerer of False Alliances, The Whore of Jackals, The Flower of
    Khemia..."

I follow the stumbling cat through the musty hall of the dungeon, never
having been in this deep before considering my meetings with Amicus had to
take place near the entrance.

We reach a cell door, and Alex presses a paw to a panel on the wall; a
beige, marble slab rather than the more glossy, black panels above.

It opens to a small, cramped cell; a bed in one corner, a sink, toilet, and
tiny shower in another, and what looks like a desk near the door.

Amicus is in the bed, curled up on his side, facing away from us.

MARCO: "Amicus!"

I shove roughly past Alex, sending him to smack face-first against the
doorframe with a yelp.

The big wolf starts to stir before I reach him and throw my arms over him.

I feel him jump underneath me, and I know I've just woken him up.

He turns his head to look at me.

AMICUS: "Marco?"

He sits up against my hugging, automatically wrapping his arms around me.

AMICUS: "Wait, how did you—"

He looks over my shoulder.

AMICUS: "Alex?"

MARCO: "Amicus! Cato is emperor, he's about to execute Neferu, you need
    to—"

I choke on my words, only now feeling the weight of the information I'm
just dropping on Amicus right now.

MARCO: "—you need to challenge him to combat."

I surprise myself as I suddenly start to cry, realizing my own words as I
say them.

In that moment, I can see all the confusion, bewilderment, and shock in my
wolf's face, his mouth hanging open just slightly.

He probably wants to ask me a million questions, but in that space of a few
seconds, I see his expression set into one of serious determination.

AMICUS: "Alright. Where is he?"

The sudden shift from confusion to a sense of duty and confidence actually
stops my crying, even as the first tears spill over.

MARCO: "The—the amphitheater, it's happening right now.

For just a moment, the wolf continues to hold me, wipes a tear away with
his thumb, then gently moves me aside as he swings his legs over the edge
of the bed.

AMICUS: "Alex, can I leave the dungeon?"

ALEXIOS: "Um...Com...let Amicus leave the dungeons...please?"

Alex looks up at the ceiling, clearly unsure of what he's doing.

COMPUTER: "Shall I remove Amicus from the prisoner list, Alex?"

ALEXIOS: "Uh...yes."

COMPUTER: "It is done."

At that moment, I suddenly realize then that Cato isn't being broadcast
down here.

I don't even know if the execution has been carried out yet or not.

Amicus hops off the bed.

AMICUS: "Alright, we must move!"

This time, Alex is knocked on his ass as Amicus practically steamrolls him
on his way out the door.

I jump over the cat as I follow the wolf.

Though much bigger, Amicus is still just slightly faster than I am as I
sprint after him, his thundering footfalls echoing through the halls.

He yells back at me as I follow.

AMICUS: "What of Cassius!?"

MARCO: "Poisoned! He's...I don't know what his condition is right now!"

I gasp out the answer and I can't see his face as Amicus is silent,
continuing to run.

We reach the ladder and Amicus somehow climbs the thing with three gigantic
lunges, skipping several rungs at a time.

By the time I reach the top, he's already out of sight.

CATO: "So now, let this be a warning to Khemia, or any other sibling
    race..."

I run out into the gardens, in the direction of the amphitheater.

I just catch sight of Amicus's tail as it disappears around some trees,
down the trail that leads to where Cato should be.

CATO: "We will not hesitate to eliminate you if you meddle in our matters!"

There's a sense of finality to those words, and I know that we're out of
time.

I'm on the path to the amphitheater, and though it only takes a few seconds
to make it to the end, it feels like an eternity.

MONITOR: "*You are on the right path...*"

I burst through into the clearing of the amphitheater just as I hear Amicus
yell.

AMICUS: "STOP!"

I look down the steps to see my wolf standing at the base of the stairs,
his paws out wide, standing in front of Neferu and Cato.

The jackal is knelt on the ground, his paws restrained behind his back
somehow, a look of dazed, disbelief on his face.

His face is forced to look up because Cato has a hold of his head fur,
tilting the jackal's head up so that his neck is fully exposed.

In Cato's other massive paw is a shiny, gold, decorative dagger, and it's
just inches away from Neferu's neck.

Meanwhile, directly across from me, sitting in front of the statue of
Drusus sits Virginia, a wreathe of flowers on her head, looking shocked as
she stares at her brother.

AMICUS: "I challenge you Cato! I challenge you to a trial by combat for the
    throne, as is my birthright!"

It's always hard to judge Cato's facial expressions, but I can see the
tightness in his jaw all the way from up here.

CATO: "Who..."

Cato glances upward, and for a moment I wonder if somehow he knows I'm
there, that he can see me.

But then I notice the camera drones hovering overhead, broadcasting this to
all of Adastra.

The entire empire is seeing this.

CATO: "Why...don't we wait until this is finished, Amicus?"

AMICUS: "It would be wise to stay your paw, Cato...unless you're afraid
    you'll lose the trial?"

The corner of Cato's scarred eye twitches.

I can tell then that Amicus is playing this all up to the cameras, and that
seems to settle it for Cato.

With a grunt, he pulls Neferu up to his feet by his head fur, making the
jackal wince before shoving him toward the front seat where Neferu slumps
down.

Then, the old wolf walks past Amicus, setting the dagger down on the long,
curved bench as well, across the aisle from Neferu.

CATO: "You know what, Amicus? I think you're right. This is something we
    should do immediately. We don't want to leave the empire in limbo for
    any longer, do we?"

Amicus watches the other wolf wearily as he walks around him to stand in
the center of the amphitheater.

CATO: "It's best to settle...everything, as soon as possible."

I know that Cato is referring to all of us...Cassius, Virginia, Neferu,
me...and I'm sure Amicus does too, because he glances back up at me for
just a moment.

AMICUS: "Then let us settle it!"

Slowly, I start to make my way down the steps, glancing over at Virginia to
see that she's sitting up completely straight, staring at Cato and Amicus,
her paws clenched in her lap.

I move toward Neferu who's sitting on the front bench, hunched over a bit,
and I can see metal glinting where his arms are held back.

CATO: "Alright then, trial by combat, simple *pugnu* with no weapons...just
    teeth and claws."

Cato stretches.

CATO: "I'll give you the advantage of sight, Amicus. This should be no
    trouble for you at all, eh?"

Even though that's true, Cato still seems very, very confident.

And he has every right to be considering his skill at fighting along with
the fact that Amicus has been locked up for several days in a cramped cell.

He probably only said that to increase the humiliation if Amicus loses...if
he dies.

It's then that I start to feel the dread and terror begin to poke through
the numbed shock I've been feeling.

But somehow, Amicus looks completely calm, and I take some sort of comfort
in that.

Quietly, I sit down next to Neferu and he glances over at me.

NEFERU: "Oh, Marco, what brings you here?"

Though his words are casual, his usual smug demeanor is gone, practically
blanked out as he sits there, slightly hunched.

MARCO: "Are you okay?"

I whisper to him, and Neferu takes that as his cue to do so as well.

The jackal shrugs his shoulders.

NEFERU: "Not exactly, no, but I'm alive for the time being, so I suppose I
    can't ask for much more."

I look back into the amphitheater, wishing that I were able to do something
more.

I try to catch Amicus's eye, but he keeps his focus on Cato, his own eyes
narrowed.

He looks confident, prepared, ready for whatever it is that Cato throws at
him.

But I'm not ready.

I'm not ready at all.

That brief interaction in the dungeon, those few seconds of holding on to
one another.

That could be the last time we ever—

I blink back tears again, knowing that won't do me any good right now.

CATO: "Are you ready, Amicus?"

AMICUS: "Yes."

CATO: "Then let us begin."

Immediately, the two wolves begin to circle each other, paws raised up to
their chests, open and ready.

The only difference from past *pugnu* fights I've seen is that they're both
baring their teeth.

Amicus does it in a way that I've never seen before, not even when he was
furious.

It's vicious, feral, like I've seen wolves do in nature documentaries.

Then, they clash.

It's so fast that I'm not able to tell who moved first, but one moment
they're several feet apart and the next, their paws are clasped together
while their jaws snap in the air, both going for the other's throat.

Glistening strands of saliva go flying as they both bite and block with
their teeth, ears pinned back, making hoarse, angry barking and growling
sounds.

It's something I've never seen an Adastran wolf do, not even in their fake
dramas.

This feels raw and instinctual, like it's a part of them, something they
try to conceal, only to come up to the surface when they're trying to kill.

I find myself hugging my chest, feeling as if my heart might explode as I
watch Amicus, trying to see if he's hurt, wincing every time I hear the
solid *thwock* of teeth on teeth.

It might only have lasted a few seconds, I can't tell, but finally Amicus
pulls back and Cato suddenly lunges in for the other wolf's neck.

Time seems to slow, and for a moment I start to think about what I'm going
to do if I lose him...

...but then Cato's open, fang-filled maw drops down and so does the rest of
him as Amicus sweeps his legs with a powerful kick.

Cato goes down hard on his side right in front of me, wheezing before
Amicus jumps on him, landing on the older wolf with his knees and a fist to
the face.

Cato doesn't even seem to notice that though as he immediately grabs on to
Amicus, their paws scrabbling at each other as they both try to find a
hold.

They're at a stalemate for a while, each one failing to find a good grip as
they both twist and turn over each other, making snarling sounds all the
while.

At some points, I have trouble discerning the two, their legs and arms
seeming to blend together as they grip around the other's body.

I was never told much about combat to the death, even when I asked Neferu.

All I know is that they tend to be very short, but it's already felt like
an eternity.

Suddenly, I am able to tell them apart as Cato locks Amicus's right arm
into a shoulder lock.

While I've seen it done before, usually to get the other opponent to tap
out, Cato immediately goes all the way and the quiet of the early evening
is shattered with a massive pop and crunching sound.

Amicus screams, and I find myself standing without even realizing it.

It takes everything I have not to jump in right now, even as Cato leans
into the hold, causing Amicus to convulse from the pain.

Then Cato lets go and my wolf curls over onto his side, shaking violently,
loosely holding his arm with his other paw.

I want to go to him, but Cato is already there, pushing the younger wolf
over onto his back.

CATO: "I should have done this a long time ago, pup."

I knew this would happen.

Amicus tries to fight back with his good arm, even his legs, trying to lock
his ankles around Cato's neck, but the old wolf straddles Amicus's waist
before slamming a fist hard into his nose.

There's a softer crunching sound this time, and Amicus immediately goes
limp, eyes vacant, paw falling to his side.

I knew Cato was too skilled for Amicus, but for some reason I thought...

MONITOR: "*These are the events that shall happen. You are on the right
    path.*"

But am I?

NEFERU: "Marco."

Neferu whispers hurriedly at me.

Cato hits Amicus again, even though the other wolf has stopped moving, and
Amicus jerks under the weight of the slightly larger wolf.

NEFERU: "Marco, you must run, Cato likely does not know you're here."

Amicus's eyes are half-closed, unaware for his last moments as Cato pushes
his rear down the other wolf's thighs, giving himself room to reach
Amicus's neck.

NEFERU: "Run to the city, to the woods...anywhere..."

I shake my head silently.

Was this really meant to happen?

Why was I put on this path if it ended in my wolf's death?

Why aren't the parents helping me?

At that moment, the light of the setting sun catches something shiny to my
left.

I look over, and I'm almost blinded by the brilliant reflection of Vita's
light on the blade of the dagger.

The one that Cato had set aside after almost executing Neferu.

Red and blue jewels decorate the handle while the gold blade shines
brighter than any metal I've seen before.

*The rules don't matter.*

Robotically, I lean over the aisle and grab the dagger by the handle.

NEFERU: "Marco?"

I ignore Neferu, and at the same time I see Virginia directly across from
me.

Her eyes are wide, and she's standing too, but instead of looking at the
fight, at Cato's jaws coming closer and closer to Amicus's neck, she's
instead looking at me and pointing.

She's pointing right at Cato, silently encouraging me to do what I'm about
to do.

But I don't need encouragement.

The rules don't matter.

I jump from my seat, the distance so little that I come down practically on
top of the wolves.

At the same time, I raise the dagger in both hands over my head and bring
it down as hard as I can into Cato's back.

As if in slow-motion, I feel the blade slide into my target, very easily at
first, like cutting through butter...

...then suddenly I feel something hard, and there's an odd, muffled,
stuttered sound of friction as the blade slows considerably.

It continues to sink in though, in sudden bursts of a few inches at a time,
and it's only when the hilt reaches Cato's fur that I realize that I've cut
deep into bone...a rib maybe.

Cato howls, suddenly arching back, and I can only hope I was fast enough
that he wasn't able to sink his teeth into Amicus's neck.

I'm not finished though, and I tug once, then twice, before I'm finally
able to wrench the blade out of the bone.

For that split second, Cato begins reaching back awkwardly, unable to find
my weapon before I've drawn it back again, above my head before bringing it
down as hard as I can into the right side of Cato's neck, just at the base.

This time, the blade sinks in easily, once again all the way to the hilt.

I yank it back once more, intent on plunging it in again, but finally, Cato
turns on me, blindly swinging his paw out.

His fingers find my right forearm as I'm raising the blade once again, and
he takes a tight hold.

CATO: "Marco!"

His exclamation is part astonishment, part fury.

His other paw finds the dagger, and even though I try to hold on to it, he
slides it out of my hands with ease, even though he's holding on to the
blade end.

Blood is everywhere at this point, and I can only hope it's only Cato's.

I start to back away, trying to look down at Amicus to see what's happened
to him, but that's when Cato swings at me again.

I feel air tickle my neck and chin, and for a moment I think I've dodged
his swing...

...but then I see that he's holding out the blade, out to his right after
having swung it at me.

...

Something's wrong.

Something's very wrong.

I look down and see a sudden spurt of blood, splattering the stones below
me, then another spurt, then another.

I step back again and gasp, and when I do, it feels like the air comes in
from two places at once, and I cough as something liquid goes down my
throat the wrong way.

Again, I gasp, and this time I hear a bubbling sound from my throat, and I
finally understand what's happened as I raise my hands to my neck,
stumbling then falling.

I expect to slam back against the stone seats, but instead it's against
something furry and warm.

I look up and see Neferu sitting over me as he'd moved to catch me with his
lap.

He's staring at me with a look of horror on his face.

NEFERU: "Marco..."

He looks up.

NEFERU: "Amicus...Amicus, wake up and help him!"

I frown, still worried about Cato, and sure enough, as I look forward, I
see the false emperor on one knee, clasping his neck, bleeding just as much
as I am.

His ears are perked forward, toward Neferu's voice, and I see him start to
make his way toward us.

CATO: "K—Khemian..."

The wolf's eyes are wild, furious, focused in the direction of Neferu.

He seems to have already forgotten me, even as he seems to realize that
he's dying.

CATO: "You...you...caused this..."

I feel that those words "you" and "this" carry much more meaning for Cato
than I could ever hope to know.

It's a strange moment as I lay in Neferu's lap, bleeding out.

I suppose I knew Cato blamed the Khemians for most of his problems, for
most of the problems in the empire.

He tried to hide it by pretending to give Amicus a fair shot at the
emperorship.

As that slowly unraveled, his intentions became clear, and so did his
insanity.

He intends to kill Neferu to completely kill any chance of an alliance,
even if it means the complete destruction of the wolven empire.

Somehow that's a risk worth taking for Cato.

The old wolf draws closer, practically crawling now, leaving heavy
splatters of blood across the ground.

He weakly raises the dagger, and I feel Neferu tense behind me, probably
getting ready to roll out of the way, but then something wraps around
Cato's neck.

With a gargled choke, Cato is pulled back by Amicus before being body
slammed to the ground.

Then, Amicus is on the old wolf, muzzle against his neck, tearing it apart.

I stare in shock, then look down, away from the horror of what I'm seeing.

And that's when I see myself covered in blood...so, so much blood.

My entire naked torso is painted red, and more of it continues to pour over
my chest in waves, though it's less than the initial spurts I'd seen when I
was standing up.

I raise my hands to my neck, still feeling that strange, cold feeling
reaching deep into my throat, like everything's open and exposed to the
air.

I try to talk, to tell Neferu that I need help, but only a raspy, bubbling
hiss comes out of my neck.

I look up, seeing Neferu looking down at me, his expression again one of
disbelief.

I suppose it would be pretty shocking to see your friend with his neck
open, dying in your lap.

Am I dying?

I try to cover my neck again, but the gash is so deep...it feels like if I
lean too far back my head will just...flop over onto my back.

Vaguely, I hear Amicus's snarling sounds, along with Cato's raspy screams,
sounding just like me when I was trying to talk.

The edges of my vision start to go blurry and black and Neferu's face
starts to fade away...

...then suddenly there's a big shift and I wake back up, this time finding
Amicus looking down at me.

An overwhelming sense of relief comes over me.

I do get to see my wolf after all.

I smile up at him, even as he stares at me with a look of complete and
utter devastation.

AMICUS: "No, no, no, no, no, please! Get Felix...Virginia, tell Alex to get
    Felix!"

His tears start to fall on my face, and I reach up, trying to brush them
away like he's done for me a few times.

He catches my hand before I can though, pressing it back to my neck.

AMICUS: "You'll be fine! You're going to be fine! It's not bad...It's not
    bad..."

I actually chuckle a little at that because this is *very* bad.

I can tell without even being able to see it.

I see the edges of my vision blurring again, and my eyes seem to try and
roll upward on their own, but Amicus gives me a little shake and that
brings me back for a moment.

AMICUS: "Hey! Hey, stay here, okay? You'll stay with me, yeah?"

I nod deliriously, the overwhelming feeling of calm and warmth keeping me
happy and full of love, even though I know what's happening, what's about
to happen to me.

"I'm here."

I try to speak, but I only send more bubbling blood out of my neck.

AMICUS: "No, no! You don't need to talk. I have you."

How unfair.

My last moments and I can't even tell my wolf that I love him.

I reach up with my free hand, setting it gently against Amicus's face.

I caress his cheek softly, knowingly, and though he holds it against his
face with his own free paw, he shakes his head at me.

AMICUS: "Stop that, you're going to be fine. Felix will heal you, we'll
    rest in my room, I'll take you to the island...I'll take you to the
    city...we'll be happy...we'll grow old...together."

The tears start spilling over again, and I just try to keep the smile on my
face, to show Amicus that I'm okay, that I'm happy, that this is all okay.

And though his grief is hard to look at, there's nothing I'd rather be
seeing at the end; my wolf's face, framed by the pinkish-reds of the
sunset.

And then, as my eyes start rolling back again, I can't stop them, no matter
how hard Amicus shakes me.

AMICUS: "Marco! No, please! Don't leave me here! Please, come back to me!
    You can't leave me to be alone like this!"

"I'm here."

AMICUS: "No, no, no...speak to me!"

"I'm staying with you..."

...

...

...

if fate == False:

    I drift through the blackness, feeling a sense of peace like I've never
    known before.

    Even though the space is empty, I feel it crowded with others, so many
    others...or is it one other?

    I sense so many different minds and thoughts, melded together as one.

    "Hello..."

    "We must apologize for what has happened to you."

    "It was not our intention for it to end this way."

    "While not ideal, you have still moved the work of Meera forward."

    "Though we intended for you to complete it, this can be done at a later
    stage, by a latter sapient."

    "Thank you, Marco, for doing your part for humankind, for wolves, for
    the *Galaxias* as a whole."

    "Now go, be at peace, be one with the amalgamation of intelligence from
    whence you came."

    "Thank you..."

    I begin to dissolve.

    I'm nowhere and everywhere.

    I'm never and always.

    I'm nothing...

    ...and everything.

    ...all at once...

else:

    I drift through the blackness, feeling a sense of peace like I've never
    known before.

    Even though the space is empty, I feel it crowded with others, so many
    others...or is it one other?

    I sense so many different minds and thoughts, melded together as one.

    "Hello..."

    "We apologize for what has happened to you."

    "We know that you are confused."

    "We told you that this could be prevented..."

    "...and it will be."

    "You will not leave him to be alone."

    "Be at peace for now, for he will come for you."

    "Wait for him..."

    ...

COMPUTER: "Amicus is the victor. All hail Emperor Amicus."

The words sound hollow in Amicus's ears, and so does the faint roar of the
crowds in Adastra City all the way across the lake.

The wolf can only stare down at the human in his arms, suddenly realizing
how light and fragile he actually is.

And the blood...

...so much blood that paints the front of his human that just moments ago
had been so full of life.

A tear drops from the tip of Amicus's nose and onto Marco's neck, mixing
with the blood that has now stopped flowing from the deep gash.

Air no longer bubbles through the red liquid either.

A strange, choking sound works its way out of Amicus's lips, one he's never
heard himself make before.

The overflowing sadness in his heart has seemingly run out to be replaced
by something empty, cold...

...like there's nothing there anymore.

Still, Amicus wills the human to live, to use those special healing
abilities he seemed to possess, to breathe again.

But even as Virginia moves to find Felix, Amicus knows that nothing can be
done for something like this.

Cato had very nearly beheaded the human, cutting through everything that
was important.

Cradling Marco's head carefully, Amicus raises the young human up to his
chest, hugging him tightly, squeezing his eyes shut and feeling the welling
tears pour out over his cheeks, down his chin and to the human's hair.

It's quiet, and Amicus opens his eyes to see Neferu still sitting there in
front of him, staring in shock.

When the jackal meets his eyes, he quickly dips his head, lowering his
ears.

NEFERU: "Amicus, I—I'm so sorry..."

The wolf raises his eyes to see a drone just over Neferu's head, hovering
as its lens focuses voyeuristically on him, broadcasting his grief to
Adastra.

But this is nothing like those dramas, the tragedies of romantic death he'd
seen play out on the screens so many times before.

There is *nothing* romantic about this, as Amicus is sure his audience is
finding it to be right now.

This is real death, and the feeling is familiar.

It's hollow, empty, suffocating, like being pulled down into a bottomless,
cold, black ocean.

It's like when mother died and Cassius had screamed over her body like a
wounded animal.

It's like when he heard the news father had died and how he'd fallen to his
knees, clutching his chest and gasping for air like he'd been shot.

But this is worse somehow, and Amicus can't even comprehend it.

It hits him harder than anything he's felt in his life.

Everything is going gray, the color being sucked from his vision, from his
life...

And even though he's not sobbing now, the tears are flowing freely down his
cheeks.

He isn't sure how he can recover from this at all...he knows he probably
never will.

This is his fault.

He'd forced the human here.

He'd made himself feel better by saying Marco had a choice in the matter,
was free to do as he pleased.

But that wasn't true at all.

He'd taken the human's life, just as Cato had now.

Amicus realizes then that he's no different from the wolves he'd thought
himself to be above.

That he was more enlightened somehow in trying to hold all sapient life as
equal.

He's even worse.

And even though it would break his heart never to have met Marco, Amicus
only wishes that he'd never brought him here in the first place.

To his death.

The thought brings another wave of heart-wrenching grief to crash through
his hollow chest, and for a moment he almost can't breathe.

AMICUS: "Please, Marco..."

The young wolf whispers into the human's hair, his voice now only a soft
whine as fresh tears blur his vision.

His teachings since he was a pup begin to come to mind;

Marco's soul, like the soul of all sapients, is ascending to the Greater
Intelligence, mingling with the lives of billions of others; with his
father, his mother, maybe Cassius, too.

A place he'd also join one day...

...but...

...but the human's soul belonged *here*, in his arms, not to be mixed and
consumed by the parents, not yet.

That mixed, singular being isn't Marco.

It's like a beautiful mural being shattered, then reconstructed into
something else.

Marco still exists, at this very moment he exists, but it's no longer
*him*.

Amicus grits his teeth, feeling anger begin to overcome the overwhelming
grief.

No...

...No...

AMICUS: "...No."

How dare they.

This isn't fair.

The parents had spoken to Marco, had told him what to do, had lead him to
this point.

When the human had told Amicus that he was worried about something terrible
happening...

Amicus grits his teeth, remembering how he'd brushed it off, even though
he'd told Marco that he believed him, that he'd have nothing to worry about
if he followed their guidance.

AMICUS: "No..."

Amicus shakes his head, still clutching onto the human tightly.

NEFERU: "Amicus?"

Neferu's voice is tentative, almost fearful, like he's worried about what
Amicus might do.

Amicus isn't even sure of that himself as he rises to his feet, cradling
the human in his one good arm, easily able to do so because of their
difference in size.

He turns and walks quickly toward the palace, almost jogging, ignoring the
various jolts of pain throughout his body.

He doesn't even glance down at Cato's unmoving body as he passes by.

The wolf's expression is stoic now, a strange rage bubbling just under the
surface.

NEFERU: "Amicus!"

Neferu calls after him, but Amicus ignores the jackal, set on one thing,
and one thing only:

The parents might have taken his parents, maybe even his brother, but they
aren't going to take his human.

He won't allow it.

As the wolf enters the palace, he notices Alex pacing the hallway.

He stops as he sees the wolf approaching.

ALEXIOS: "Amicus! I heard that you're now emperor and..."

He trails off as he sees Marco cradled in the wolf's arm.

The blood covering the body, flowing down a limply hanging arm to drip
gently from the fingertips.

Amicus brushes past the cat, eyes set straight ahead, expressionless.

Nothing seems to exist outside of the wolf's tunnel vision.

Soon, he comes to the door he's looking for and leans forward, pressing his
injured shoulder to the panel to open it, ignoring the blaze of pain that
shoots through him as he does.

Amicus approaches the archive, glaring at the orb, as if the machinery
itself is the parents.

The big wolf comes to a stop in front of it, staring up at the glowing blue
structure for a moment before looking down at Marco.

The ashen color of the skin is unnerving, so different from the deep tones
it once had.

Marco is dead, Amicus knows that, but he won't accept it.

The wolf presses his face close to the human's for a moment, feeling the
fading warmth before kissing him gently on the top of his head.

With that, Amicus leans forward, pressing them both to the sphere.

Then he connects, and he merges with the universe.

We continue to drift through infinite space, content.

Despite everything, we trust the beings around us, all of us and the
others...the parents.

The parents.

This was all meant to happen.

And though it was hard and terrible...

...the worst is now over.

And that thought alone is enough to keep us completely relaxed, waves and
waves of relief washing over us.

In the cacophony of thoughts and emotions though, something stands out...

Though the beings meld together, one seems to become separate for a moment,
solely to focus directly on us...on...me...

This brings me out of my trance for a bit, and I turn my attention on them.

Amicus?

But then, as I focus more on this being, I get a different feeling; not
*him*, but *her*.

It seems like she wants to speak to me.

She's not familiar, not someone I've spoken to before...

But the intensity with which she is focusing on me...

"Hello?"

I reach out, but then suddenly the amalgamation of intelligence begins to
pull away, and I feel myself extracted from its mass.

The feeling is bizarre and I almost miss the crowding of thoughts and
feelings, of being one with many.

But then I feel myself again...my body...beginning to materialize out of
nothing.

The nothingness around me slowly becomes something...

For a moment, I'm floating in the air...then I'm being held by something
strong and solid.

The first thing I see is Amicus's face.

He's looking down at me, grim and determined.

Just as I focus on him though, his expression changes.

AMICUS: "Marco?"

I shift a little, trying to focus better on my wolf.

AMICUS: "Marco!"

Suddenly, I'm surrounded by fur, getting squeezed tight against Amicus, my
face pressed into his neck.

Instinctively, I wrap my arms around him.

AMICUS: "Oh gods, are you real? Tell me you're real, Marco...please..."

He gasps the words, like he's coming up for air after diving to the bottom
of the lake.

I'm having trouble remembering things, why he seems so upset.

But I know something bad happened, and now it's over, so I try to comfort
him.

MARCO: "I'm real...I'm here."

My voice is strange, like I haven't used it in a while.

At first, I think I'm back in Amicus's room after I've woken up from the
coma, still trying to convince him that everything is okay.

Like we'd gone to sleep and just woken up and he wants to be reassured
again that I'm not going to disappear.

But then I remember that Cato came in that morning...

Things fall into place like a long row of giant, heavy dominoes.

I suddenly sit up a bit, against Amicus's chest, pushing back so I can look
up at him.

MARCO: "Wait! The fight...Cato...Amicus, are you okay?"

I look him over, trying to check his wounds.

The blood and swelling that I'd seen in the amphitheater is gone though.

He's clean and well-groomed, and his arm seems fine judging by its
sturdiness underneath me.

My brief look at him is ended though as Amicus suddenly yanks me back
against his chest, sobbing against me.

I've seen Amicus cry before, back in the dungeon, but not these gut-
wrenching sobs that I can feel heaving through my own body.

It serves to shock me to my senses even more.

Firmly, I push back against his chest, creating space between us so I can
hold his face in my hands.

He just looks back at me, crying openly, and I watch as the tears well out
of his eyes and seem to disappear into the fur of his cheeks.

I'm sure we both want to say a lot in this moment.

What happened, what's happening now, what *will* happen, but at this
particular moment in time and space, we're back together.

It's impossible, but it's happening, so I cling to him again, and he just
holds me as I press my face against his chest, listening to his hammering
heart, squeezing my eyes shut.

If this is eternity, then I'm completely fine with it.

I'm not sure how much time passes, but as this thought crosses my mind a
few times, my eyes suddenly fly open.

I press back again, looking up at the wolf, holding his face again.

MARCO: "Wait...if you're here, did you..."

I wonder suddenly if maybe Amicus had been seriously wounded in the fight,
that he didn't make it after all.

But Amicus shakes his head gently, his sobs having quieted to subdued
sniffles and hiccups.

AMICUS: "No...no, I'm fine. I won. Cato is dead."

I'm flooded with relief.

He strokes my hair gently, slowly, and I wonder why he still looks so sad.

MARCO: "But how are you here, aren't I..."

I look around at the infinite space surrounding us.

The stars and planets are unusually close, stunningly bright, and
unimaginably vivid.

The blues, purples, and blacks are deep and monolithic, signaling the
endless space that stretches beyond.

MARCO: "Am I dead?"

Amicus pulls me back against him, forcing me to look away from the churning
universe.

AMICUS: "No, you're here."

It sounds more like he's convincing himself rather than me.

MARCO: "But where's 'here'?"

Amicus is quiet for a moment, and I find myself content to lean against him
for a while, just wanting to be close to him.

At some point Amicus had sat down, and I'm cradled in his lap.

Considering we're not just floating around in zero gravity, I have to
assume there's something solid underneath us somehow.

Amicus sniffles again.

AMICUS: "I melded my mind with the archive to speak to the parents...that's
    all I know."

I think.

MARCO: "Did I do the same, then?"

AMICUS: "I was holding you when I did it..."

My neck...the blood...

I look up at him again.

MARCO: "Amicus...am I alive?"

Amicus looks at me for a moment before his face screws up and tears well up
again.

AMICUS: "I...don't know."

He whines out the words and I immediately hug him again.

MARCO: "Hey, I'm okay, see? I'm here."

Another sobbing fit starts.

And now I know why.

I must have died, and now, for whatever reason, the parents have let us
reunite somehow.

And I know that Amicus must be wondering the same thing that I am:

How long is this going to last?

I try to think of what to say, in case this is our last moment together, in
case I am going to be...absorbed again.

But my mind comes up short in the weirdest of ways, only able to think of
things that don't matter.

So, I settle on what had just happened.

MARCO: "You're emperor now, Amicus."

Amicus nods against me, not trusting his voice at the moment, apparently.

MARCO: "I'm so happy for you."

Now he shakes his head, smearing tears against my cheek.

I hate seeing him like this.

I hate that this might be the last way that I'll see him.

MARCO: "Please, don't cry. Let's just...be together right now."

I sit up straight and pull his head against *my* chest for once, cradling
his massive form against me, caressing his ears and neck.

MARCO: "I'm okay, I promise you. I went somewhere when I...died."

The word is so strange to say.

MARCO: "It was really nice, full of people. I wasn't alone. It was
    peaceful."

Amicus takes a deep shuddering breath, finally pulling back from my hug.

AMICUS: "That's wonderful, Marco...But I'm sorry, because I'm not letting
    you go back there."

Amicus suddenly looks resolute as he smirks through the tears.

AMICUS: "You're coming back with me."

His voice breaks several times, and I can tell that he really means it.

He really is certain that he's going to drag me back from the dimension of
the dead.

I don't know what to say.

I don't know much about the parents, or the afterlife, but Amicus must, so
I trust him.

I smile up at him.

MARCO: "Okay."

He smiles back at me, then very suddenly kisses me.

It's rough and wet, and he kind of misses my lips, but I kiss back, holding
him tightly.

Once he finally draws back, I'm happy to see my wolf back to his usual,
confident self...even if he has to keep sniffling with his runny nose.

I look around at the swirling cosmos again.

MARCO: "Um, can you just...get us out?"

Amicus frowns, looking around himself.

AMICUS: "Uh...this is actually my first time doing this, so...I'm not
    sure."

Amicus looks behind us, then up and down, then clears his throat.

AMICUS: "Er, Com? Com, are you there?"

Silence.

AMICUS: "Hmmm."

I can tell that Amicus is already out of ideas.

MARCO: "The parents are doing this, right?"

AMICUS: "I think so, though I've never spoken to them. You actually have
    more experience with that."

Amicus grins at me, then looks back up.

AMICUS: "Maybe if we walk...back."

I give Amicus a strange look and just as I'm about to point out the
absurdity of walking back to Adastra through infinite space, a booming
presence makes itself known.

MONITOR: "I suppose you are finished?"

Amicus and I both jump and the wolf leaps to his feet, keeping me held in
his arms.

AMICUS: "Who's there!?"

Amicus shouts into the void, snarling.

MARCO: "It's okay Amicus, it's just the monitor."

I say it like he's just an old friend of mine.

Amicus doesn't lower his guard however, and continues to growl into space.

The monitor expresses his amusement in that silent way of his, but I can
understand why Amicus isn't letting his guard down.

It's evident in the way he's holding me, clutching me tightly to his chest.

He afraid I'm going to be taken back from him.

I am too.

MONITOR: "If you are, I'll open the channel of communication now."

Amicus raises an eyebrow.

AMICUS: "What the hell are you talking about?"

MONITOR: "You wish to speak with the parents, correct? They wish to speak
    directly with you...at least as directly as is possible."

There's a pause, and I see the gears turning in Amicus's head as his ears
flick.

AMICUS: "...Yes."

MONITOR: "Then it is done."

The monitor's presence vanishes and suddenly, there's another one.

Not one, but many, similar to what I had felt earlier.

This is still different.

Instead of melding together, these entities are distinct and separate from
each other.

But they're so similar that they could be copies of a single person.

Their intentions feel disturbingly uniform, like they're all on the exact
same path.

Unlike the monitor, who at least felt to be on a similar level as any other
sapient, these entities feel...alien.

Which is a strange thing to feel after everything I've been through, but
these things are so different.

...so...

...different...

AMICUS: "Well? Show yourself."

Amicus barks at the emptiness, somehow remaining brave in the face of all
these titanic presences.

MARCO: "You cannot see us."

His mouth moves on its own, mind suddenly becoming empty, seeming to blend
with the space around them.

Amicus looks down at the human in confusion.

AMICUS: "What?"

He stares back.

MARCO: "We cannot speak directly to you."

AMICUS: "Marco?"

MARCO: "But we have other methods..."

Amicus's face morphs from confusion...to horror.

AMICUS: "Gods...Marco?"

He gives the human a little shake.

AMICUS: "Hey..."

MARCO: "He can hear you...he is simply occupied at the moment."

Amicus bares his teeth, and he begins to shake.

He's not sure if it's from anger, or fear.

Likely both.

AMICUS: "If...you don't stop—"

MARCO: "There is no need to threaten. All is as it should be."

Amicus is left to stand there, staring open-mouthed at his lover.

Something ominous and dark churns in his gut.

This isn't how he'd envisioned...any of this at all.

These are the parents?

AMICUS: "What the hell are you?"

MARCO: "We are your guide, your benevolent leader, your parent..."

Amicus rubs a paw over the human's forehead gently, looking into those
blank, staring eyes.

AMICUS: "Leave him be...please."

MARCO: "He is not being harmed. He shall return to a normal state after the
    channeling is complete."

AMICUS: "But how?"

MARCO: "Simply put, we are manipulating his behavior through the use of the
    Lingua."

Amicus shakes his head, clearly not wanting this at all, but the complete
powerlessness he feels right now...it's overwhelming.

The speech he'd been planning for this moment, his intention to tear apart
the careless arrogance of the parents, it just dissipates.

Seeing Marco just taken by them like this...it's enough to completely cow
any courage he'd once had.

And as he stares at the cold eyes of the human, he begins to wonder if this
is a nightmare.

For a brief moment, Amicus wonders if any of this is real, what reality
even is right now...

MARCO: "That is not for you to wonder, Amicus. All that matters is that you
    are the One True Emperor."

AMICUS: "What do you want?"

Amicus stares down at his human, feeling repulsed by what's happening.

MARCO: "For the work of Drusus to continue...for Adastra to achieve its
    full potential at last. For the *Galaxias* to ascend."

Amicus shakes his head, trying to focus, trying not to focus on the robotic
tone of Marco's voice, on the strange way his jaw moves, forced to speak in
the wolven tongue.

AMICUS: "I—I intend to do so...but please, let the human go, and—and heal
    him...please. He didn't ask for any of this."

MARCO: "The human is also involved, Amicus."

AMICUS: "But *I* involved him."

MARCO: "It was meant to be."

AMICUS: "What—"

Amicus isn't sure if it's his own mind, or the mind of another that brings
back the memory of when he'd opened the archives, how Earth had been near
the top of the list of profiled planets.

How it made no sense that an uncontacted world would be on that list at
all.

But now it does make sense...but at the same time even less sense.

Amicus shakes his head, still reeling at the situation he's in, feeling
that he's teetering on the edge of madness.

MARCO: "Steady. There are many things you do not understand, things that
    you will never understand, and that is fine. Not all things are meant
    to be understood by all sapients."

MARCO: "But you at least understand that the humans are not uncontacted,
    are they?"

Amicus says nothing, knowing that his mind is being read.

MARCO: "Somehow wolven culture is there, so is Khemian culture, Hindo
    culture...all sibling cultures."

The parents go silent and Amicus is left to stare at the puppet his lover
has been turned into.

Amicus grits his teeth.

AMICUS: "Why?"

MARCO: "Because, they were an experimental microcosm...now a successful
    one, and it is time for them to be integrated into the *Galaxias*."

Another moment of silence.

AMICUS: "And...you want me to help do this?"

MARCO: "No, your mission is to help unite the siblings. The first step is
    Khemia."

AMICUS: "That was already my intention."

MARCO: "That is questionable. The situation is perilous, Khemia is furious
    after what has happened. You need more guidance, thus why you are
    here."

Amicus snarls.

AMICUS: "I'm here for HIM."

Amicus nods at Marco, at the sapient creature being used as a mouthpiece.

MARCO: "You are here for the *Galaxias*, and as the emperor, you now have
    the onus to know all this information, as your father knew, as his
    father knew, and so on."

Amicus grits his teeth again, trying to comprehend what's being told to him
despite being completely disturbed by what's happening to Marco.

AMICUS: "If you wanted galactic integration, then why have we been
    competing with each other?"

MARCO: "This was assumed by the siblings themselves; competition was never
    the goal."

AMICUS: "Then why not tell us that? You're supposed to be our guide."

MARCO: "The process is slow, and careful; interference is a last resort."

MARCO: "This very communication is a last resort as the siblings and
    children stray further and further from the path every day, and not
    just the wolves."

MARCO: "It has taken 20,000 years to reach this point, and that time cannot
    be wasted."

AMICUS: "Then why are you telling only me this and not all sapients in the
    *Galaxias*?"

Amicus glares at the face of the human again, stroking the face gently,
hating the blank stare he's receiving.

MARCO: "As was stated, minimal interference will result in the best
    outcome. Only select figures are being informed at this stage. A
    *Galaxias* developed independent of interference will better serve the
    greater cause as a whole."

AMICUS: "The greater cause?"

The stars and planets shift around them, zooming forward, and for a moment
Amicus feels as though he might be sick.

Something dark looms on the edge of the universe, growing slowly, leeching
the parts that it touches.

MARCO: "The Other approaches, and it must be confronted."

At this point, Amicus feels unease pierce through his fog of confusion and
anger.

AMICUS: "What Other...are we preparing for war against something?"

MARCO: "We must prepare for an event many millennia from now. This is one
    step of many."

Amicus lets out a low growl of frustration, the vagueness of this entire
situation making his head ache.

AMICUS: "But what does this have to do with Marco?"

Amicus shifts his hold on the human, just wanting him to come back to
consciousness.

MARCO: "He must play a role...and you must make a decision, Amicus..."

if end_game1 >= 3:

    Everything seems to come together all at once for Amicus.

else:

    Everything seems to come together all at once for Amicus.